<song artist="Marvin_Gaye" title="I_Wish_I_Didn't_Love_You_So">
You know, when you say your marriage vows, they're supposed to be for real. I mean
If you think back about what you really said, you know, about, honor and loving and
Obeying till death do us part and all. But it shouldn't be that way, it should it
Should, it shouldn't be lies because it turns out to be lies. If you don't honor what
You said, you lie to God. The words should be changed
Ooo now as I recall, we tried a million times
Again and again and again, and that isn't all
I gave my love to you each time to make amends
Suddenly I start to realize I can't make it
Pretty birds fly away, I had to leave you for my health's sake
What to do? Make you pay, for leaving you, my fine, is to pay forever
So if a fresh new love comes in, I won't say those words again
Instead I'll say I'll try to love and protect you
With all my heart as long as you want me to baby
Ooo if I love again I'm gonna try a new way this time
Memories of the things we didsome we're proud of, some we hid
So when two people have to part, sometimes it makes them stronger
Do you remember all of the bullshit, baby?
You say you love me with all your heart
If you ever loved me will all of your heart
You'd never take a million dollars to part
I really tried, you know I tried, oh baby
Although we tried, all of those promises was nothin' but lies
I really tried, you know how I really tried, we really lied, didn't we baby?
And on top of that you have scandalized my name
What I can't understand is if you love me
How could you turn me into the police?
Didn't I love you good and try to take care of you?
Best that I could
You were so divine
And your love was like mellow wine
Pains of love, miles of tears
Enough to last me for my lifetime
Broken hearts last for years, soon break away to the noonday sunshine
One thing I can promise, friend I'll never be back again
But I'm not really bitter babe
I wish you all the luck and all the love in the world
Good love in the world,good luck in the world
But I know you'll never be satisfied
No, you still want me standin' by your side
Memories haunt you all the time, I will never leave your mind
Got judgement on your sideyou've said bad things and you've lied
Still I remember some of the good things baby
Like love after dark and picnics in parks
Those are the days I'll not forget in my life
I'd rather remember, remember the joy we shared babe
I'd rather remember all the fun we had
All I ever really wanted was to love you and treat you right
All we did was fuss and fight
It don't matter baby, take a lesson from them all
I never thought I'd see the day when you'd put me through what you put me through
You tried your best, you say I gave you no rest
When did you stop loving me? When did I stop loving you?
</song>