<song artist="The_Black_Eyed_Peas" title="Release">
[Will I Am:]
Just had a show tonight
Voice all scraggly and all...
Yo Tab and Ap let's go interact
Matter of fact let's attack 'em with the contact
Make the ultimate impact leave 'em hunchbacked
Light 'em up with the mic like we pyromaniacs
Feel the power when I unlash exact
There's no kinda act tactics that can stop that
When I climax I'm a like kick a hole in that
Sympathetic non poetic crap you callin' a rap
And I might revitalize your cardiac
So you can realize the heart of rap recited by the Black Eyed Peas
I'm a seize your income
And freeze all the competition and then some
I flip a show up in the Hamptons
Rip it down to Compton
Performin' my anthem
You know, you know
You know that's the joint that's the jam
Look I got some new sh..
We came to do it again.
[Chorus:]
Scream if you need to just let it out, let it out, let it out, let it out.
Holla if you need to just let it out, let it out, let it out, let it out.
Vent if you need to just let it out, let it out, let it out, let it out.
Yourself just let it out, y'all just let it out, holla and let it out.
[APL:]
Introduction, here's a new concussion
I'm a break it down like a mechanical conductant
Eruptin' volcanic lyrically meanin' somethin'
All you mutha....... sayin' nothin' need to stop them
Time to break forth, ain't no goin' back now
Movin' on for the better things that's my profile
Uproar uncontrollably make you say loco (Spanish word)
(Line in Spanish)
Creates so soul sonically makin' you bounce your
Energetic created terror shakin' your dance halls
One in a million with the mission, bringin' in back, raw
Talent on the mic will excite better than dropped bras
Anybody lost follow the source of course
BEP the family bringin' you the strongest force
Bridgin' it on every angle and make ya dance
From the mic APL De Ap is on demand.
[Chorus:]
Scream if you need to just let it out, let it out, let it out, let it out.
Holla if you need to just let it out, let it out, let it out, let it out.
Vent if you need to just let it out, let it out, let it out, let it out.
Yourself just let it out, y'all just let it out, holla and let it out.
[Taboo:]
Me and microphone go like source for me and warn
My delivery is news like get on your mark
When it's on then it's on step on stage and perform
If your scared then step off 'cause your pride be all gone
If it's time that you leave, go ahead then proceed
If it's skills that you lack
Take 20 steps back
It's a slap you will get
If you try and disrespect
The crew is the Peas
And we 'about to do the next
Es asi si asi musica es para mi
Para ti parate si tu quieres entender
Muevele muevele para hombre y mujer
Asi es eso es 'ora si puedes ver
Mirame voy hacer lo que vas a conocer
Esto es all for you
Spanish tongue your speakin' to
Makin' moves, makin' moves Angry Foot is makin' moves
Makin' moves, makin' moves Black Eyed Peas is makin' moves.
[Chorus:] [x2]
Scream if you need to just let it out, let it out, let it out, let it out.
Holla if you need to just let it out, let it out, let it out, let it out.
Vent if you need to just let it out, let it out, let it out, let it out.
Yourself just let it out, y'all just let it out, holla and let it out.
</song>