<song artist="Lady_Gaga" title="Gypsy">
Sometimes a story has no end
Sometimes I think that we could just be friends
"'Cause I'm a wandering man," he said to me
"And what about our future plans?
Does this thing we have even makes sense?
When I got the whole world in front of me?"
So I said
I don't wanna be alone forever, but I can be tonight
I don't wanna be alone forever, but I love gypsy life
I don't wanna be alone forever, maybe we could see the world together
I don't wanna be alone forever, but I can be
Tonight!
So I just packed my baggage and
Said goodbye to family and friends
And took a road to nowhere on my own
Like Dorothy on the yellow brick
Hope my ruby shoes get us there quick
'Cause I left everyone I love at home
And I don't wanna be alone forever, but I can be tonight
I don't wanna be alone forever, but I love gypsy life
I don't wanna be alone forever, maybe we could see the world together
I don't wanna be alone forever, but I can be
Tonight! Tonight!
'Cause I'm I'm I'm, I'm I'm I'm a gypsy, gypsy, gypsy I'm
I'm I'm I'm, I'm I'm I'm a gypsy, gypsy, gypsy I'm
I'm I'm I'm, I'm I'm I'm a gypsy, gypsy, gypsy I'm
I'm I'm I'm, I'm I'm I'm a gypsy, gypsy, gypsy I'm
And then he asked me, he said
"Baby! Why do we love each other?"
I said, honey, it's simple
It's the way that you love and treat your mother.
Thought that I would be alone forever
But I won't be tonight
I'm a man without a home, but I think
With you, I could spend my life
And you'll be my little gypsy princess
Pack your bags and we can chase the sunset
Bust the rear-view and fire up the jets
'Cause it's you and me!
Baby, for life
(Would you go with me?)
For life
(See the world with me)
'Cause I'm I'm I'm, I'm I'm I'm a gypsy, gypsy, gypsy I'm
I'm I'm I'm, I'm I'm I'm a gypsy, gypsy, gypsy I'm
Russia, UK, Paris
I'm Italian, Asian kompai
Africa, India, I'm a gypsy, I'm a gypsy, I'm a gypsy
I'm Latin-American
I don't speak German, but I try
Someday in Jakarta
I'm American, I'm gypsy
I'm Bangkok, Australian, Malaysia
Sweden, Finland, Norway
Be my home just for the day
I'm a gypsy, gypsy, gypsy
Hey!
</song>