<song artist="Johnny_Cash" title="Man_In_White">
I studied at the feet of a master,
Gamaliel we called him, the beauty of the law,
I was born of the Tribe of Benjamin, I was a Pharisee,
And I could quote from memory the Holy Torah.
That day that the Nazarene was brought to trial,
It was on a Sabbath eve ,there was a earthquake when He died,
Just another passing preacher who came up from Galilee,
Blaspheming trouble-maker, we let Him be crucified.
Then I thought that I would hear no more about him,
But his friends found his tomb empty, claimed that he rose from the dead,
Then they said he walked among them with the nail wounds in his hands,
That King upon a donkey with a thorn crown on his head.
His followers kept growing in great number,
And the one that they call Caiaphas mocked us in the judgement hall,
And with the Greek name Stephen we knew the gentiles had come in,
I cast my vote against him, he was stoned I saw him fall.
Then the friends of the Nazarene became united,
And I became enraged then led a slaughter zealously,
I found their secret places, they were beaten, they were chained,
But some of them were scattered, justified in fearing me.
Then the Man in White, appeared to me,
In such a blinding light it struck me down,
With it's brilliance, took away my sight, then the Man in White,
In gentle loving tone spoke to me,
And I was blinded so that I might see, the Man in White
But like the wind that blows the scattered sea,
From Alexandria to Antioch their congregation grew,
I went to the high priest for letters of permission,
To go to other cities, to see my mission through.
Six days on the hot road to the masters,
And just outside the city in the middle of the day,
A great unearthly light struck and overpowered me,
Prostrate on the hot road, I was blinded were I laid.
Then I thought I heard the rushing of great water,
And a multitude of angels singing sweet and heavenly,
And through the sound of wind, came a voice so soft and kind,
Meant for only me to hear, "Saul, why do you persecute me?"
As I lay there on the ground, in my blindness,
He asked me once again, and suddenly the voice I knew,
So finally I managed, a trembling response,
Who are you Lord?, I asked him, but I already knew.
I am Jesus of Nazareth the voice answered,
Arise go to Damascus on the street called Straight will be,
A place where you will wait for my servant Ananais,
He will open up your eyes, you'll be a witness unto me.
So now I live to serve my master,
As zealous in his service as I once was as his foe,
And keeping his commandments given on Damascus road,
I go to all the world, and I let the whole world know,
Then the Man in White, appeared to me,
In such a blinding light it struck me down,
With it's brilliance, took away my sight, then the Man in White,
In gentle loving tone spoke to me,
And I was blinded so that I might see, the Man in White.
And I was blinded so that I might see, the Man in White.
The Man in White...
</song>