<song artist="Prince" title="Come">
If u're 18 and over, come here
I got something 4 u're mind
(Come) U should do that baby, no more will u cry
(Come) Spirits calling, here's a reason why
(Come) If u had a chance 2 see the future would u try?
(Come) If u will so will I
(Come) When I call u up, I wanna tell u what 2 wear
(Come) Don't be surprised if I tell u 2 go bare
(Come) Long as u wash between u're soul and thru u're hair
I'm gonna come and do my duty there,  ohh
(Come) U should do that baby, no more will u cry
(Come) The spirits calling, here's a reason why
(Come) If u had a chance 2 see the future would u try?
(Come) If u will so will I  (If u will so will I)
(Come)  When I lay u down I wanna tell u what 2 feel
(Come) (Don't u) Don't be surprised if I make u my daily meal
Lickin' u inside, outside, all sides, up and down
With my tongue in the crease
Baby I go 'round when I go down, down, down, down, down, down
Baby, no more will u cry
(Come) Spirits calling, here's a reason why
(Come) If u had the chance 2 see the future would u try?
(Come) If u will so will I  (If u will so will I), so will I
(Come) U should do that babe, u should do that girl, ohh (Come), ohh
(Come. U should do that baby. Come) 
(Come. U should do that girl) 
(Come) When I suck u there, I don't wanna hear u scream
(Come) Don't talk or breathe, don't cough or sneeze
Oh just dream, dream, dream, baby
Uh!  My tongue's gonna do things that u never seen - oh yeah, yeah
(Come) When I blow that mind baby
(Come) I'm gonna drive u crazy
(Come) U should do that girl, no more will u cry
(Come) U should do that baby, here's a reason why
(Come) If u had the chance 2 see the future girl would u try?
(Come) If u will so will I
Now break it down.
When I blow that mind baby
I'm gonna drive u crazy
Come.  Can I suck u baby?  Can I f**k u baby?
I wanna suck u baby
Ohhhh.... shout it ou-ou-out
No more will u cry (come)
Here's a reason why (come)
And if u had a chance 2 see the future would u try
Oh, oh.  If u will (so will I) - if u will so will I
Like a splendid, open-ended, celibate friend
Pretending not 2 know it, when I blow it in u're eyes
Like a strawberry, chocolate, fender jazz, mashed potato fuzz tone
All over u're thighs, oh baby
That's the only come I know when I'm deep inside that...
Yeah that's the only time, the only time u go 
OH! Baby u're so good.  OH! Baby u're so good.
Ah, shut up!  This is just so, u , come.  Come.  Come.
No more will u cry.
It's no wonder there's a puddle there, holding it in 4 so long.
U know u can let it go, it won't be wrong (come)
It's just u and me baby, 2night and 4ever more (come)
U should do that baby, f**k it - on the floor. (come)
Or better yet, why don't u do it on the chair (come)
U should get that shit started, u can change u're underwear (come)
Yeah.  U can always change u're underwear  (come)
It don't mean u're rep cuz u kiss in a resturant (come)
It don't mean u're rep just cuz me talllywacker suckin' is all u want (come)
All it means is that the one that come b4 me never made u come
U should do that baby.  Come.  Do that baby. 
Come.  Do that baby.  Do that baby.
Come.  Let me suck u.  Come.
Don't scream.  Don't talk.  Don't breathe.  Just lay back. Just lay back.  
(Come) Just lay back.. and dream, dream, dream, dream
Come (5x)
Come (8x)
Ohh, Oh, Oh, Oh yeah.  Oh yeah. Did u come, come, come, come?
I wanna know did u?  Oh, oh yeah.  Yeah.  Did u do that baby?
Did u do that baby?  Come.  Ah yes! Ah yeah.  Ah yes!  Come.
Did U do that baby (did u do that girl)? 
Ah yeah, yeah, yeah - yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
No more, no more.  (No more will u cry)
Will u cry, cry, cry, cry. (Here's a reason why)
And if u had the chance (if u had the chance) 2 see the future would u try?
(Come) If u will - if u will so - will - I - I - Yeaahhhh...
Baby ohhhh.
When I blow that mind baby
I'm gonna drive u crazy
Come.  U should do that baby.  Come.
</song>