<song artist="Prince" title="Things_Have_Gotta_Change">
Get on top, U will cop, oh 
Cream
The time is now, take the chance
Get on top, U will cop, winner takes all
As we dance 2 the rhythm of the cream beat
Never will U see me drowning in pool of self-pity
So, as a I ooze with the flow, here we go
And if you gimme an end, so take a little mo'
The army of the brothers shall overcome
Bring in a crash from the drums, ho!
Things have gotta change
Get on top, U will cop, ho!
Hey everbody, things have gotta change (Cream)
Get on top, U will cop, ho! (Boogie)
Although the times have changed
Some things remain
I say love thy neighbor
And I'll gangk him if he ain't got no game
The rules of design read double standards
And if U're weak in the game
That's somethin' that U'll die 4 (Die 4)
Yeah, come on
Get on top, U will cop, ho!
Everybody, things have gotta change! (Cream)
Get on top, U will cop, ho! (Boogie)
Like M.L.K. of yesterday, who died 2 keep a dream alive
Funny, but it seems like he died in vain
'cause as I look around I see we ain't learned shit
And if the words are sticking, then hit me with it
'cause U've gotta be true 2 yourself
Do the best U can with the hand U've been dealt
U see, I wouldn't have it any other way,
'cause it's part of the game we play
Come on (Cream)
Yeah, things have gotta change!
Get on top, U will cop, ho! (Boogie)

Everybody, things have gotta change! (Cream)
Yeah, get on top (Boogie)
The army of the brothers shall overcome
And never succumb 2 the hum-drum 
Saving 2 keep the person's brain numb
Free your mind and your ass will follow
U've got 2 stand strong and never cow tow 
2 a sucker with a closed mind
Walkin' the thin line
Still livin' the days of the breadline
Since this is the 90's, reach a little higher
NPG, take it 2 the wire
(Cream)
Yeah, things have gotta change
Come along, get on top, U will cop, ho! (Boogie)
Everybody, things have gotta change! (Cream)
Yeah, get on top, u will cop, ho! (Boogie)
Is 2day just another replay of yesterday?
A country in disarray, discrimination a mainstay
I'm not naive, that's why I contemplate
If that's truly the faith, then there's no time 2 waste
So let's get ready 2 go the length, on the strength
We're prospering 2gether as one in this environment
(Cream)
Yeah, come on, things have gotta change! 
Yeah, get on top, U will cop, ho! (Boogie)
Everybody, things have gotta change! (Cream)
Yeah, get on top, U will cop, ho! (Boogie)
(Cream, boogie, cream, boogie) 
Everybody, things have gotta change! (Cream)
Get on top, U will cop, ho! 
Everybody, things have gotta change! (Cream)
Get on top, U will cop, ho! (Boogie)
Everybody, things have gotta change! (Cream)
Get on top, U will cop, ho
</song>