<song artist="Prince" title="Deuce_&_A_Quarter">
CHORUS: 
In my deuce and a quarter feelin' funky funky fine 
And I'm rockin' that stupid shit 
In my deuce and a quarter feelin' funky funky fine 
And I'm rockin' that stupid shit 
Rollin' in my deuce deuce 5 
Convertible top down so I can see the honeys passin' me by 
It's a beautiful day in my neighborhood 
But 5 or 10 minutes, a criminal puts me in a bad mood 
And some would say that's just a black man's perspective 
But nowaday, I find that it's reflective 
Of what I see goin' down everyday 
My brothers and my sisters gettin' played 
So we revert 2 committin' dope, many brothers get hurt 
By another brother who don't like salt in his dirt 
Cuz in the streets, see, that's the way it is 
U keep your mouth shut and stay out of other people's biz 
See, the system wasn't made 4 me or U 
And as a matter of fact, it wasn't made 4 a poor white who... 
Gets their weekly hit 
Or should I say that weekly check and start depending on that shit like a glass dick 
These are some of the feelings that I'm holdin' 
But everything's fine while I'm rollin'... 
CHORUS 
(Don't everyday) 
How many, how many times must we commit crimes 
Against people no better off than us, but in our own minds? 
A-havin' it, grabbin' it, tastin' it 
And when U step off, I finally rub your face in it 
See, the local's preacher is not suited 4 the have-nots 
The poor get poorer and the rich continue 2 clock ... not! 
That means U end up with the booty 
And we all know a broke man is a man with no friends 
And that's basically the way society is 
And money talk, pusher walk and sleepin' on the politics 
Soon we must live 2 consolidate 
As we continue 2 consume instead of producin', seal our on fate 
(In my deuce and a quarter feelin' funky funky fine) 
People right now really don't give a damn 
(And I'm rockin' that stupid shit) 
Cuz in the 20 mile radius, there's probably not one black and... 
Hispanic taken 4 granted and left 2 clean their own shit up, huh 
No need 4 panic, I'm out 
That's bullshit! 
CHORUS 
In my... in my... in my... 
Rockin' that stupid shit 
Rockin'... rockin'... rockin' that stupid shit
</song>