<song artist="Prince" title="Johnny">
We got a wonderful show 4 y'all 2night, uh (alright, I love it)
But first off, before we get 2 the band
We'd like 2 bring up this nice funny young man, uh
(look at that dog, man, give me one of them)
Jimmy joe go'n bring out here 2 open the show {crowd boos}
Jimmy, come on out here and give us some jokes
(naw, get him off the stage)
Ok, well hold on, oh, uh, uh (come on, man)
What did the fat lady say 2 the skinny man? (who cares? )
(get your white ass off the stage!)
(I paid 3 dollars man, I wanna see the band)
Oh, oh, ok, i'll, i... (sit down)
(n.p.g.! n.p.g.! n.p.g.! ...) {crowd chants}
Ok, well, ladies and gentlemen
U didn't like my jokes
I'm gonna introduce a wonderful band 2 u (bring on the band)
They're the hottest thing I know (nowadays)
The n.p.g.! {crowd cheers}
That's right, we're the only band 2 bring it 2 u live
After rockin' the house 4 3 straight hours, huh
N.p.g., we're gonna wreck in '93 (glam slam, are u ready? ) (yeah!)
(I said glam slam, are u ready? ) (hell yeah!)
Ooh, this is nice
Yeah, I told u we would get good seats
U didn't get good seats at the restaurant
Well, well, u don't never trust nobody
Shut up bald head motherf**ker
Sit, sit down here, i'ma go up here and do a song with them, sit down
Go on, go on, stay, I came 2 see tony anyway
Fellas, fellas, throw that shit down, kick something I can sing
Yeah, now u ... (that's what I'm talkin' about)
U guys got some tootsie pops in here? 
(yo, yo, yo, we got my boy, johnny in the house)
U got 2 have some tootsie pop, mmm, alright
Glam slam granny with the hot pants on (where she at? ) (hey, over here)
Give me good lovin' till after dawn
Johnny got a hat 'cause he don't trust pills (goldnigga)
('cause we damn skippy right)
And if u don't love me then your sister will (gold)
Now let me hear u sing damn it!
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!) {repeat 4 times}
Come on
We gonna freak 2 the...
(1 2, tell me what 2 do)
(3 4, I'm about 2 score)
Everybody (5 6, suck up on this)
Johnny, drop it!
Tell me, tell me, tell me what am I suppose 2 do
I never had another granny look like u
Every time I see u, girl, my johnny get hard
Harder than the handle on the rake in my yard
Harder than the brownstone brick on my house
If I ever, ever, ever get u into my mouth (yeah)
I'll drink u like a 40 in an alcoholic's hand
Baby, can't u understand? 
I'm only fantasizing 'cause your love is tantalizing
And it's got me burning rubber in my pants
But I don't wanna do u till I spend the time 2 school u
On the fine art of romance
U got 2 know how 2 make love 2 me, below and above me
In the back of my bmw "z"
The bang bang boogie, u will give it 2 me
'cause johnny will make u dance (can we bring it up? )
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!) {repeat 4 times}
Give it up
Everybody
We're gettin' sleazy
Shake it (hot damn!)
Yeah, hit it fellas
Goldniggaz, this is funky
Y'all have 2 excuse me 4 a second
What, u out? 
Yeah
U out? I'm out
Mind if I join ya? 
Aren't u supposed 2 be up there singin'? 
Yeah
Where's prince? 
What do u mean "where's prince? "
I thought he was gonna sing 2night
Ah, ain't that a bitch? 
Come on, wait, come here
Tony, where is he? 
Levi (in the house)
Who next on the agenda, who next on the agenda, who drop somethin'? 
(bobby brown)
Bring it on (bring it on)
(morris, where u at? )

Time 2 school (stop aids)
Yo tommy, yo tommy, what u here 4, man? 
Sweet keys
(play that motor scooter)
Say what? (don't be a fool)
I don't know, I think we need a little self check
(saxophone, saxophone)
Ah, what your background? (damn!)
That ain't workin', man
What u think we need? 
Kathy j. (ah yeah)
See, that gonna straighten me right out
That just straight... that just straightens me right out (ooh)
N.p.g. (in the motherf**kin' house) {x3}
N.p.g. (that's how we rollin')
{crowd noise}
(get a clap goin') {repeat}
Get a grip, tone, get a grip (can i, can i, can i? )
Get a grip, tone, get a grip (can I grip it? )
Get a grip, tone, get a grip (can i, can i, can i? )
Get a grip, tone, get a grip (just 4 the ladies) (holy jesus)
Hey baby, what u doin'? 
I would like 2 introduce 2 u
What's your name, baby? 
Chicanes
Chicanes? 
Yo, grippin' the mic is like grippin' necks
But I only grip necks when a brother's on the b-side of some safe sex
That means the a-side I flip and commence 2 penetrate with the... (oh)
Ooh, yeah ha
But enough about my propers
Brothers write 2 much about how they been endowed, boy
And god, I've been blessed with just enough 2 get the job done
Check it just like ford (what? ) - "quality is job one"
2 get a grip, u need a handle, not a breaker 1 2
2 much said on the airwaves cause 2 much scandal
See, things got funny when I made my money
Why brothers got jelly when pockets get fat? 
Their pockets equal fly honeys
An equation that just don't figure
'cause tone is quick 2 bust a bubble on the butt of a gold digger
(so what u sayin'? )
U see, I worked 2 hard 4 this honey dip (honey dip)
Check it, get a grip
Oh tony, that was great
No no, serious shit, man, that was great
I'm telling u, believe me when I say
That this is just... this is rap at it's finest
Yes, I'm tellin' u, u know
(who is this dude, man? go on, get outta the way)
Alright, I just wanna...
(get outta here!)
Johnny needs a jim (jimmy needs a job) {x3}
Johnny needs a jim (yo, let me borrow a couple of those)
Take a few packs tone
I ain't goin out like that, u know what I'm sayin'? 
Who got the 'lactics? (gots 2 be protected)
Who got the 'lactics? (ain't go'n rain on me!)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! (oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!) {repeat 4 times}
Pick it up
Everybody
Feelin' funky funky fine in my deuce and a quarter
Feelin' funky funky fine
Feelin' funky funky fine in my deuce and a quarter
Feelin' funky funky fine
In my deuce and a quarter feelin funky funky fine
And we're rockin' that stupid shit
Well, well (well, well, well)
U know lord, it's really hard being the best band in the world
And uh, we'd really like 2 thank u right now 4 all u done
And the new power generation would like 2 say "amen"
In my deuce and a quarter feelin funky funky fine
And we're rockin' that stupid shit
W - w - wnpg (rollin' at 'cha)
Comin' 2 u directly (ha ha ha) (come one) (goldnigga)
From paisley (put your shit up while u sleep)
(gold) goldnigga
We out
We try that one more time? (yeah)
Bring on number 1, bring on number 2, bring on the n.p.g. {repeat 4 times}
Bring on number 1, bring on number 2
Now we out
</song>