<song artist="Prince" title="Days_Of_Wild">
(Hold... hold... hold onto your wits!) {sample} 
Break down 
This is a bust (Hold onto your wits!) 
All U sorry motherfuckers up against the wall 
If U don't play, bite the dust 
Cuz in a couple of simple fuckin' phrases 
I'm gonna hip U 2 the fuckin' place of 
The brand new mad style, uh 
Cuz these are the days of wild - hit me! 
(Hold onto your wits!) {x2} 
Pop guns and weed? Brother please! 
We're 2 wise 4 now, since the other 90's was better suited 4 that biz
Back when Dick was fuckin' Liz 
Before soda pop had fizz 
Don't blame it on a jockstrap full of jizz 
Mentality so insane 
I got a Tech-9 2 and it's called my brain 
Shoot another brother? Not 2day 
Death from envy is the only way 
Here I can tear shit up cuz that's my style 
And these are the days of wild - hit me! (Hold onto your wits!) 
These are the days of wild (Hold onto your wits!) 
These are the days of wild 
Hooker, bitch and ho, I don't think so 
I only knew one and never told her though 
I thought about many times (Diss me?) 
But that's the kind of shit that make U check your mind 
Is your blood type the type that flows 
Or is your blood type the type just stereo? 
A woman every day should be thanked 
Not disrespected, not raped or spanked 
And if a woman ever said I did 
Uh, she's a motherfuckin' liar and I'm a set-up kid 
And I can tear shit up y'all cuz that's my style 
And these are the days of wild - hit me! (Hold onto your wits!) 
These are the days of wild (Hold onto your wits!) 
Oh oh oh, by the way, I play guitar! 
Tennis shoes and caps, now that's phat 
Up until the day another wanna laugh behind your back 
Sayin' we all look the same, huh 
God bless America, home of the brave 
I'd rather dress 2 make a woman stare 
I'm puttin' on somethin' that another won't dare 
It's a freezer burn compared 2 cool 
And if U still got loot, then who's the fool? 
Everybody wanna take the stand 
Mind your own motherfucker, let a man be a man 
I can tear shit up y'all cuz that's my style 
And these are the days of wild - hit me! (Hold onto your wits!) 
These are the days of wild - hit me! (Hold onto your wits!) 
These are the days of wild - hit me! 
Much props 2 the upside down double 6 
Baddest, freezer burnin', head turnin', make a brother yearnin',
sister walkin' the face 
U know who U are 
4 love 
(Hold onto your wits!) {x2} 
Hit me! {repeat 2 fade}
</song>