<song artist="Prince" title="Pheromone">
Come.  Lie down beneath my shadow.
Lie down beneath my shadow with great delight
And your fruit will be sweet to me.  Come.
My left hand under your head
While my right embraces time
Therein my virgin, love's wine.
L is 4 Lust
O is 4 Obsession
V is 4 the Vast way u 
Envelop my soul
This is crazy.  This is crazy.
I could die from the pheromone.
I can see the castle.  I can see the throne.
I can see the beloved and she's not alone.
But it's cool like that cuz I'll be diggin' her just the same.
I can see the curtain wrestled from the wall
I can see her hands tied, I can see it all
And he pulls a gat.  This is how they play the game.
And I'm around the back, cuz curiosity it knows no shame.
Pheromone.  Rush over me like an ocean.
Pheromone.  Controlling my every emotion.
Pheromone.  I'm helpless as a pet.
Pheromone.  When your body's wet, body's wet, body's wet, body's wet
I can feel the tension thru the crack in the door
He begs for love while she's disgusted more and I'm on fire
Cuz I've never seen her nude b4
I want to save her!  I want to watch (watch) 
All my vital signs go up a couple of notches when he unties her
And she runs 2 the open door
He trips and grinds her (grinds her), right there, all on the floor
She's so close, I can touch her (touch her)
Pheromone.  Rush over me like an ocean.
Pheromone.  Controlling my every emotion.
Pheromone.  I'm helpless as a pet.
Pheromone.  When your body's wet, body's wet, body's wet, body's wet
Her eyes are closed but there's no penetration
He just makes her point the pistol to his nose while he masturbates
And I see a tear headed down towards her smile
What happens next?
It all depends upon u're style.
Oh this is crazy baby!
Pheromone.  Rush over me like an ocean.
Pheromone.  Controlling my every emotion.
Pheromone.  I'm helpless as a pet.
Pheromone.  (Pheromone) When your body's wet
Pheromone.  Rush over me like an ocean.
Pheromone.  Controlling my every emotion.
Pheromone.  I don't really wanna go crazy but I'm helpless as a pet.
Pheromone.  When I see your naked body's wet,  hey, hey
Pheromone.  When I see your naked body's wet, Mmm
Pheromone.  When I see your naked body's wet, body's wet, body's wet
Pheromone.   And I'm helpless as a pet 
When I see u naked baby, when your body's wet, body's wet, body's wet
Pheromone.  Pheromone.  Pheromone.  Pheromone.
</song>