<song artist="Prince" title="Rainbow_Children">
"With the accurate understanding of God and His law
they went about the work of building a new nation:
the Rainbow Children.
"The Wise One who understood the law
that was handed down from God long ago
reflected the true meaning 2 his woman every day.
And she surrendered her discerning of it into his care and keeping
4 she trusted he would lead in the right way.
Her children in subjection 2 her, and she in subjection 2 the Wise One.
The Wise One in subjection 2 the only Begotten One.
"And 4ever is in subjection 2 God."
CHORUS:
Just like the sun, the Rainbow Children rise
Flyin' upon the wings of the new translation
See them fly, fly
The covenant will be kept this time
Just like the sun, the Rainbow Children rise
Rainbow Children, it's time 2 rise
Rainbow Children, it's time 2 rise
"As prophesized, the Wise One and his woman were tempted by the Resistor.
He, knowing full well the Wise One's love 4 God,
assimilated the woman first and only.
Quite naturally, chaos ensued and she and 5 others were banished
from the rainbow 4ever."
CHORUS {x2}
Who is your real father?
The everlasting one
The one who came from nothing
And yet from this one, everything comes
The one who commands your momma
With the simple phrase, "I am"
And every time that she obeys
She gives birth 2 the Son of Man
Who is this?
Reproduction of the new breed leader - stand up, organize {x2}
The agreement:
With every verse, we keep it so
Never changing one piece of it in fear of what would unfold
The scales would then become unbalanced and thus begin the fall
The sin of one would then become the sin of one and all - and call...
Rise {repeated}
(What U want?)
(The Rainbow Children)
(Can't U see it?)
(We need 2, we need 2)
(Oh Lord...)
(Oh, we, we need 2 rise, Rainbow Children)
(Rainbow Children, Rainbow Children)
(This will be the way - build a new nation)
Rise, Rainbow Children, rise
Rise, Rainbow Children, rise
"The Wise One who understood the law that was handed down
from God long ago, held fast in his belief that the Lord
would bring him another one who loved him so."
(Hit me) {at time 8:04 on CD}
</song>