<song artist="Prince" title="Play_In_The_Sunshine">
(Play) (Play) (Play) {fade in}
Ooh doggie!
We wanna play in the sunshine, we wanna be free
Without the help of a margarita or exstacy
We wanna kick like we used 2, sign up on the dotted line
We're gonna dance every dance like it's gonna be the last time
We got 2 play in the sunshine, turn all the lights up 2 10
I wanna meet U (meet U) and kiss U (kiss U)
And love U (love U) and miss U (miss U)
Do it all over again, do it all over again
We're gonna play in the sunshine, we're gonna get over
I'm feelin' kind of lucky 2night, I'm gonna find my 4-leaf clover
Before my life is done
Some way (some way), some how (some how) I'm gonna have fun
Play in the sunshine
We gonna love all our enemies 'til the gorilla falls off the wall
We're gonna rock him (Rock him)
We're gonna roll him (Roll him)
We're gonna teach him that love will make him tall (So tall)
Aah, pop goes the music when the big white rabbit begin 2 talk
And the color green will make your best friend leave ya (Walk)
It'll make them do "The Walk," but that's cool (That's cool)
Cuz one day (one day), every day (every day) will be a yellow day, let's play
(Play in the sunshine, we're gonna get over) Over
I'm feelin' kind of lucky 2night, I'm gonna find my 4-leaf clover
(Before my life is done) Before my life is done
Some way (some way), some how (some how) I'm gonna have fun
(Play) No!
Now get loose
Play! {x8}
We're gonna play in the sunshine, we're gonna get over
I'm feelin' kind of lucky 2night, I'm gonna find my 4-leaf clover
Before my life is done
I'm gonna, some way, some how, have fun
(Play in the sunshine, we're gonna get over)
(I'm feelin' kind of lucky 2night, I'm gonna find my 4-leaf clover)
Before my life is done!
Some way, some how, I just got 2 have fun!
(Play) (Play)
(Play) No! {x3}
(Come on, play) No!
(Play) No!
(Play play play) Yeah!
Drummer, do your thing
Drummer, drummer, do your thing
Drummer, drummer, drummer
Can I get some of that? (Yeah yeah)
Wait a minute
Ha ha
Let's get out of here (Yeah)
(La la la la la, la la la) {x5}
(Play in the sunshine)
We're not afraid 2 (Play in the sunshine)
We are going 2 (Play in the sunshine) (In the sunshine)
(Play in the sunshine)
</song>