<song artist="Prince" title="Schoolyard">
(Schoolyard)
I was only 16 and her name was Carrie
She was the number one little girl I wanted 2 marry me
She was only 14, but she had the major body
Yeah, this girl was mean
Me and Ace picked Carrie up from school one day
We took her 4 a ride in Ace's car, the music started 2 play
We sat real close, both nervous
Lookin' at each other not knowin' what 2 say
Carrie was a sister
But her eyes kinda made her look Japanese
Her short cut afro, shiny and soft
Her clothes fit 2 please
Ace was a real fast driver
With every turn, Carrie fell in my lap
He asked us where we wanted 2 go
I said "Yeah right, like U need a map!"
The schoolyard, the schoolyard
Gettin' it on in the schoolyard
With a wink and a nod we were off 2 Ace's pod
Like peas who's hangin' 4 a knife
The schoolyard, the schoolyard
Gettin' it on in the schoolyard
We never want it 4 the children of our own
We all pray better seeds we have sown
But one story that is most commonly known
Is gettin' it on in the schoolyard
(Schoolyard)
Ace's girl showed up, that's when the party started jumpin'
Tower Of Power's "Squib Cakes" steady humpin'
I said "Carrie, hmm, do U wanna dance?"
She said "Uh hmm, yeah, like later man, first let me smoke this weed"
I said "Damn, my cologne ain't sayin' shit if this is what she needs"
Yeah, before I knew it, Carrie was seein' double
That's when me and her got into trouble
So much 4 the dance
I started takin' off Carrie's pants
The schoolyard, the schoolyard
Gettin' it on in the schoolyard
(Hey hey.. hey!)
And now boys and girls 4 the graphic part
Close your ears if U ain't got a nasty heart
The schoolyard, the schoolyard
Here we go
Now take a glove, fill it with hot baby lotion and slip it on (Well)
Pull it tight, that's what Carrie was like
One stroke and I was gone
Gone I was, it's true
The schoolyard, the schoolyard
When your schoolyard baby comes home
And it's all that's on their mind
Try 2 remember how U felt your very first time.. oh!
The schoolyard, the schoolyard
Gettin' it on in the schoolyard (Gettin' it on)
We never want it 4 the children of our own
We all pray better seeds we have sown
But one story that is most commonly known
Is gettin' it on in the schoolyard (Gettin' it on, oh)
(Well, gettin' it on.. heh, heh)
The schoolyard (Schoolyard), the schoolyard (Schoolyard)
Gettin' it on in the schoolyard (Boy, U're gettin', yeah)
The schoolyard, the schoolyard (Schoolyard)
Gettin' it on in the schoolyard (Gettin' it on, get.. get.. gettin' it on, yeah)
(Hey!)
</song>