<song artist="Prince" title="I_Hear_Your_Voice">
Out of the lonely blue
U went away and left me
(I... I hear your voice)
Without, without one single word
(I... I hear your voice)
Night after night like a ghost from the past
(I... I hear your voice calling in the night)
Your voice is all I heard
I can't take it, baby (I...)
Don't let me die like this
I remember just like it was yesterday
I woke up, baby, and U were gone
I didn't even wanna carry myself up outta bed
Let alone, I didn't wanna carry on
Cuz I could hear (I hear your voice calling in the night)
I can't stop it no matter how hard I try
I can hear (I hear your sound calling in the dark)
In a word, I feel like I wanna die
I started lookin? lookin?from dusk till dawn
4 ways that I wouldn't miss U so much (I hear your voice)
I even bought a new dress, uh, but when I put it on
I could still, huh, still feel your touch
And I can hear (I hear your voice calling in the night)
I can't stop it no matter how hard I try
I can hear (I hear your sound calling in the dark)
In a word, I feel like I wanna die (I...)
My friends tell me that I need a new love
A bird in hand beats 2 in the bush (I hear your voice)
What my friends don't know, huh, and I ain't about 2 tell'em
Is that U're the only bird, U're the only one who knows what buttons 2 push
It don't take no scientist 2 tell U what's wrong with me
It don't take good vision, huh, 2 see what any fool could see
(I hear your voice calling in the night)
That I just need your body, I just need your f-f-face
Right where it counts - no, not in another place
(I hear your voice calling in the night)
I'm talkin?about all up, talkin?about all down
Every inch, U see? I don't need U cross town
U better read my lips, I need it here with me
I can't stop it no matter how I try
(I hear your sound calling in the dark)
In a word, I feel like I wanna die
(I hear your voice)
I can't take it, baby
(I hear your voice)
Don't let me die like this
No!

I... I hear your voice {x2}
I... I hear your voice calling in the night
I...
</song>