<song artist="Prince" title="Judas_Smile">
CHORUS:
U been bamboozled, hoodwinked, took
If U thought that U could put me down
And not get a page in my book
U been bamboozled, hoodwinked, took
Tryin' 2 ball, U will fall
And never get a second look
Before me there was nothing
Without the eye U cannot see
Just a form in the darkness
I brought the light and U believed
With everyone of my creations
A future story would be told (Change it up)
I tried 2 change it up with temptation (With temptation)
But all your claims must be sold (Walk away with soul, soul)
4 every soul there's a buyer (There's a buyer)
4 every action there's a price (How much U pay for that, dude?)
4 every option there's a tryer
But when the claim run out, ain't nothing nice
That's why...
CHORUS
I changed your name, it didn't suit ya
I did the same 4 a little while (The same 4 a little while)
The day your love led 2 revenue (Talkin' about the money)
In return a Judas smile (Hahaha, U gave me)
What I am will never fade away
Like U being funky - it'll never be
Woo hoo, (What I am) What I am U will finally see (U will see)
Then U will admit 2 4 part harmony
CHORUS
(Hoodwinked)
(Ah, come on)
1979 times 2 or maybe a bit 'fo that
Me, your sister and yo' brother got paid when the man let 'em up 2 bat
Whaddya do, do U act like a fool and wonder why your people disown ya?
Sang any song Mr. Charlie wanna sang, see around here we don't know ya
They'd have 2 take me out (Okay)
4 treating B like a B if she ain't one
And if she is it's no good like a rat in the hood
We gonna give her a Bible and then some
Come on! (Uh)
The chocolate invasion starts here {x3}
The chocolate invasion
Neapolitan born 2 rule
I never was fond of a dumb blonde
That can't swim in the carpool
Your secret's out da box, B.
'Less U 'fess up 2 what U stole
Here's what we think - U're the weakest link
Get ready 'cause we coming with the old school (Old school)
Old school (Old school) {x2}
Come on, come on - give it 2 me, baby
(That's music, baby)
(Keep doin' it)
Ahh Mr. Aussieman what makes ya think I'll work 4 U?
Paying 15 cents on the dollar
Those are the wages of a fool, nigga
Pinocchio mentality on levels more than 9
From now on the only piece U'll ever get from me's my mind
Chocolate invasion starts here
Chocolate invasion starts here (Ahh)
The chocolate invasion starts here {x2}
Now wait a minute
How dare U call a robot 'Mecca'?
I knew that smack was jive
Step right up 2 the minstrel show
Starts in about 5 minutes
Confess these shuffling punks (Yeah)
Everyone claiming no sin
Act the fool if U wanna
Guess the quickest way out (Tell 'em) is the way in
(Bamboozled) U been bamboozled, hoodwinked, took
If U thought that U could put me down
With a song that got no hook (Oh no)
The chocolate invasion starts here
No matter your color U're still my brother
If U've got no fear - uh!
The chocolate invasion starts here
U still our sister although we missed ya
Come wipe away your tears
Peace 2 Common, (D'Angelo, Macy Gray, Lenny Kravitz)
2 brother Curtis - big love
Maceo (Larry Graham, Patti Labelle)
Erykah Badu
The chocolate invasion starts here
Chocolate invasion starts here
The chocolate invasion starts here {x2}
</song>