<song artist="Prince" title="Black_M.F._In_The_House">
Hey yo, what up man?
How much it cost 2 get in this motherfucker? 
What the... U people can't come in here 
What U talkin' about man? 
This is not the place 4 U 
Shit, all I wanna do is use your telephone (Turn all that fucking shit off)
(Hey, hold on U, U just... hell, U just go now! Let go of me!)
Why U white motherfuckin' peckerwood, U redneck son-of-bitch!
(That fucking nigga - get out!)
I'll kick your motherfuckin' ass! (Hold back!)
Here we go
If U ain't got no money, U can't taste mine 
Man, he got 2 be crazy 
Yo, what's this motherfucker talkin about G? 
Yo Tone, I don't know
Cold grab the mic and just wreck some shit! 
(Come on y'all) {sample repeats in song}
U got a black motherfucker in the house on the 1 and 2
Some who don't like the language, I say "Yo, fuck U!"
Cuz this a record and I'm irate
And as a matter of fact, let's set the motherfuckin' record straight
Some of U can't stand the way I bring it
And can't stand the way a black motherfucker swings it
Check this out G
If U never stereotyped it, the stereotype would never be, ho!
But 4 now, U got some black motherfuckers in the house
(What up, loc?) (Oh my God!)
Yeah, U got some black motherfuckers in the house
(What up, loc?) (Oh my God!)
Don't U hate it when a jig is in the house? (Yep)
He ain't been in the club 5 minutes
'Fore 6 or 7 cuss words flyin' out his mouth (Fuck U)
Hand all on his erection
Makin' rude gestures in your girl's direction
Don't U hate it when they get up and dance?
U don't watch Soul Train, U ain't got a chance
What the hell they got 2 come here 4? (Hell, I don't know Cliff)
Next time we need a big white sign at the door that says
"No black motherfuckers in the house" (Yep, that'll do it)
Get the hell out of here
No black motherfuckers in the house
(Common ho) (Oh my God!)
Yeehaw!
Best place 4 a coon's in the tree (Yep, get a rope)
Yeah
I don't know Charlotte, that big one's kinda cute (Black, black)
Why he could stir my lemonade any day
(Black motherfuckers in the house)
Ah, here he comes again
Now I'm hyped and I'm vexed, streamin' 2 set it off
It's time we saw U with the N.P.G., the refs get off
I mean we come off, I believe it's cuz of the shit we tossed
I'm thinkin' about the redneck motherfucker who thinks he's the boss
Who's the dudes that let loose the vibe?
Yo, and labeled me just another chicken-eatin' nigga in the tribe
4 a man with no tribe is a man with no family
Dumb motherfucker, understand me?
What did U say? Billy Bob, go get my pistol (Mm-hmm)
U got some black motherfuckers in the house
(What up, loc?) (Oh my God!)
I'll cut your ass
Yeah, U got some black motherfuckers in the house
(Get up, loc) (Oh my God!)
{repeat phrase 3 times}
Black, black {x3}
Black motherfuckers in the house
Hey, let go of my arm
Nigga, what's wrong with U? 
Uh oh 
Where U taking me? 
Shut up 
Ooh, is that your car? 
U know it
Cliff, U gotta do something 
Damn, this shit is boring
Why don't U boots do a solo or something? U...
Hey boy, U gonna play the piano or just bang on it?
(Black, black, black motherfuckers in the house)
About time, hell
(Black, black, black motherfuckers in the house) 
Cliff, that boy on that piano kinda good 
He's alright, it's that big one I got a problem with
Billy Bob, get my pistol, shit 
And he got a real pretty mouth 
Now watch
Yo, U got the black motherfuckers in the house (What up, loc?) 
See, that's what I'm talkin about, he...
He oughta keep his place (He oughta keep his place) 
Sho'nuff some black motherfuckers in the house (What up, loc?)
Alright, where is he? 
Floyd, what in the sam hill did happen 2 U? 
(Cut them niggaz in a ... ) (I kinda like that part) 
Ha, ha, ha 
Can I tell U one thing I do not like? 
Give a fuck what U like! (I'll do him, Cliff) 
I do not... boy, don't U holler at me, I hate that 
Casey trippin', boy in the house 
Hey 
I don't like my... 
Come here boy 
I don't like crackers in my soup 
Don't U know I will cut your ass 3 ways: long, deep and constantly!
Come on y'all
Stop racism now!
</song>