<song artist="Prince" title="Mr.Goodnight">
Mister, mister
Love you, mister
Come on
Call Mr. Goodnight, he'll make you feel alright
Make you throw your head back and holla, he's so nice, so nice
Better not tell your girlfriend, you can try with all your might
Just can't keep a secret 'bout Goodnight, Goodnight
Hey baby, sittin' all alone in my courtyard
Lookin' as if you have every right
All over the world, they call me Prince
But you can call me Mr. Goodnight
Surely the dandies that escort you places
Imparted a rumor or two
About the parade of lovely faces
That follow me, surely they do
What say you to that with lips so invitin'
It's all I can do not to stare
What say you to them, past, present and future
That you don't care
If so, you'll be the first and I'll give you the keys
To the whip of your dreams, alright?
All over the world, they call me Prince
But you can call me Mr. Goodnight
Call Mr. Goodnight, he'll make you feel alright
Make you throw your head back and holla, he's so nice, so nice
Better not tell your girlfriend, you can try with all your might
Just can't keep a secret 'bout Goodnight, Goodnight
Now I don't wanna put to you to sleep with a bunch of chatter
And a rap that really don't matter
But now that you know who I am, you need to make plans
And all your other pennies should scatter
A limousine about to pick you up
And then take you to a private jet too fine
And then you gonna meet a little Spanish man
Who will offer you wine and Moët
In an hour or two, you'll be taken to a suite
That will rock all your wildest dreams
And on the bed, three dresses to choose one, pick one
Then you get a call from me
Tell me which dress you chose
So I can put on, put on my matchin' suit
All the real guys, throw your hands up
You know how Mr. Goodnight do
Call Mr. Goodnight, he'll make you feel alright
Make you throw your head back and holla, he's so nice, so nice
Better not tell your girlfriend, you can try with all your might
Just can't keep a secret 'bout Goodnight, Goodnight
I love you, baby, I don't want nobody else
Call Mr. Goodnight, call Mr. Goodnight
Mike Philly in the band, got jams at midnight
Before the main attraction you'll see
Slow it down, somewhere here on earth
Just to check how your reaction be
And if your heartbeat goes up a notch or two
There ain't no tellin' what I might do
I got a mind full of good intentions
And a mouth full of raisenets
We can watch 'Chocolat' on the big screen
Before we convene in the pool
The waterfall'll wash your cares away
Already I love you, I do
Call Mr. Goodnight, he'll make you feel alright
Make you throw your head back and holla, he's so nice, so nice
Better not tell your girlfriend, you can try with all your might
Just can't keep a secret 'bout Goodnight, Goodnight
The energy in this field's been known to flicker lights, aight?
A symphony with no rest, acapella moans
And a bridge of sighs, ooh, different night
Undeterred nevertheless, a masterpiece on butterscotch thighs
Turn off the lights, turn off the lights, it's time for Mr. Goodnight
</song>