<song artist="Prince" title="New_Power_Generation">
Lay down your funky weapon.
Yeah y'all, here we go
Pumpin' the big noise in the 90's.
Pardon me 4 living, but this is my world 2
I can't help that what's cool to us might be strange to u
Pardon me 4 breathing, can we borrow some of your air?
The problem with u and your kind is that u don't know love is there
Lay down your funky weapon, come join us on the floor
Making love and music's the only things worth fighting 4.
We r the new power generation, we want 2 change the world.
The only thing that's in our way is u.
Your old fashioned music, your old ideas
We're sick and tired of u telling us what 2 do.
Pardon me 4 thinking, but there's something under my hair
I bet u thought the lights were on but noone's living there
U think that if u tell enough lies they will c the truth?
I hope they bury ur old ideas the same time they bury u
Lay down ur funky weapon, come join us on the floor
Making love and music's the only thing worth fighting 4.
We r the New Power Generation, we want 2 change the world
The only thing that's in our way is u.
Ur old fashioned music, ur old ideas,
We're sick and tired of u telling us what 2 do.
We r the new, we r the new, we r the new
Making love and music
New Power, we stand
Pardon us 4 caring, we didn't know it was against the rules (shout it out)
We only want 2 love 1 another
Then tell me now who's the fool (tell me, tell me)
No father, no mother, no sister, no brother, nobody can make me stop
Said if u didn't come 2 party child, I think u better get up offa my block.
Lay down ur funky weapon, come join us on the floor
Making love and music's the only thing worth fighting 4.
We r the New Power Generation, we want 2 change the world
The only thing that's in our way is u.
Ur old fashioned music, ur old ideas
We're sick and tired of u telling us what 2 do.
Why don't u just be happy, baby.
(chorus repeated with this sung over it)
Go on and get up offa my block
Get up offa my block, because
Love is there if u'd just open up 2 it
If u'd just believe ur whole world would change
New Power Generation, u've got to rearrange
We r the New Power Generation, u've gotta give up all the fight
We gotta try 2 love one another, baby.  We r the New Power Generation
We r the New Power Generation
We r the New Power Generation
</song>