<song artist="Prince" title="Y_Should_I_Do_That_When_I_Can_Do_This">
Let's play a game called "U agree"
Cuz nothin' was created in disagreement, see
And if I didn't try 2 school U, I'd be remissed
U know what?
Y should I do that when I can do this?
(Do this)
(Boom shakalakala boom)
This drummer wicked
(Do this)
U were just conceived on a Friday night
I was on stage wasting brothers in a real fight
Everytime they copped my space down I worked it harder
Stripped down 2 my underwear and spanked them like they father
Never before had people seen a vision so bizarre
Play a hand that's equal 2 mine
Uh, look at my cards I heard your little groove and I raised U another
On a Sunday morning would U play that smack 4 your mother?
Huh, I believe U would think otherwise
A few CDs from now when the software that U're banging's not alive
In a real battle those loops y'all got suffer TKO's
Until U're playing in front of 70,000 U'll never know, nigga
This a grown folks job
All the young dogs need 2 recognize
If the world was God, the people need 2 use it with a 3rd eye
Who? What? Why? Uh, lookout
And if I didn't try 2 school U I would be remissed
Y should I do that when I can do this?
(If a nigga never stylin', who would I diss?)
Y should I do that when I can do this?
(Boom shakalakala boom)
This drummer wicked
Y should I do that when I can do this?
This drummer wicked
Y should I do that when I can do this?
Everytime I turn around there's another boot
Talking about what another boot can't do
Quiet as it's kept, everyone of U boots need 2 try 2 walk a mile in my shoes
I've had devils (out) try 2 take me out but I stand 4 the truth
So my words makes mo' dollars than sense on your hellavision or your radio
With this flow it just grows
Yo, ask Chuck D. - he know
He's been fightin' the "so called power" since the days of old
So tell me now what should be sold?
Sleepy Jack hazards y'all need a couple of No-doze (Ooh)
Ask Mary J. about Chaka
Mary, is Chaka on the radio? (No)
Huh, see U gotta save your own
In the end it ain't about the dollars but the seeds U've sewn
In a mind state full of Dutch ELM that's where the ghetto's grown (Ohh)
Watch out y'all can't block me out 2night
If I didn't try 2 school u I'd be remissed
Y should I do that when I can do this? (Hey yeah)
(Do this)
(If a nigga never stylin', who would I diss?)
Y should I do that when I can do this
(Boom shakalakala boom)
This drummer wicked
Y should I do that when I can do this?
Uh, a drummer in a cold sweat, backin' up my rhyme
I'd make U take your shortie outta here (Everytime )
Calling me fine
I got a big stick, one 4 each hand
Everybody know I keep a tight band, come on
Uh
My brothers in Manhattan say, "Got 2 shut these haters down G."
He say, "Dog I got yo' back but U gotta, U gotta make a sound" (Make a sound)
Like we used 2, "Well U might be pissed
Cuz y would I do that when I can do this?"
2 most I'm known as a lover, 2 others I'm just a pain (Say what?)
The latter's opinion usually form when mediocrity reigns
And if I didn't school ya, U know what? (What?)
I would be remissed
Yo, y would I do that y'all, (haha) Londell, when I can do this?
(Y should I do that when I can do this?)
Y would I do that y'all, Ananda, when I can do this? (Backup)
(Y should I do that when I can do this)
Y would I do that y'all, Doug E., when I can do this?
Y would I do that y'all, Spike, when I could do this?
(Y should I do that when I can do this?)
Y would I do that y'all, NPG? We can do this, we can do this
Boom!
</song>