<song artist="Prince" title="Moviestar">
Let's see, body oil, check, incense, check
Environmental records, double check
I'ma get some serious drawers tonight, think I ain't?
Let's see, if I tell Gilbert and 'Rome
To meet me 11 then I creep at 10
That'll give me an hour of free reign
Mo' drawers
(Mo' drawers)
9:30, gettin' dressed, I had a couple sips of wine
Boo, I swear to God, my suit was hangin' fine
Everybody at the club freaked
When I stepped from the limousine
They said, "Ooh, it's good to see ya"
I said, "Oh, it's good to be seen
You know what I mean?"
Tell you what's good, it's a good thing
We live close 'cuz I almost suffocated in that car
Next time I won't wear so much
Paco Rabanne or whatever that stuff
I wonder if they got potato chips up in this
Man, this ain't like them
House parties we used to go to
That's alright, I'm clean
Tonight, hey, I'm a movie star
I see myself on a silver screen, huh
Tonight, it don't matter who you are
I'm the only star on the scene
You know what I mean?
Man, I hate makin' movies
But I like that money, think I don't? Hmph
Check me out, I just walk in
Don't even find a seat, just threw
My coat right on the floor
Grab somebody for a quick dance
Boy or girl, it don't matter no more, I'm hot
Ha, ha, ha, shit, mix was right
Bold, Lord, ouch, ha, ha
Baby, do you wanna, do you wanna get off?
Tonight, I'm a movie star
I see myself up on the silver screen
Tonight, it don't matter
I'm the star on the scene, ouch
Mix was right
On the 1 the kick drum hit the triple beat
Baby, I was poppin', did one spin, did a second
Did the splits, came up, looked around
The joint was hoppin', hoppin'
The joint was hoppin', somebody say movie star
So check it out, you wanna dance?
Are you wearing that Paco Rabanne
Or whatever you call it, oh wow, that's dog
What? Speak up, I can't hear over that suit
Maybe you can hear this?
Am I supposed to be impressed?
That's right, Rolls Royce, check it out, baby
You wanna dance now? Maybe next song
Yeah right, dance floor is not big enough, fat cow
Ooh, the mix, it's about the mix
Ooh baby, I like that, but the kid
Gonna show you a few tricks
Can I play with you?
Baby, let's creep, I had enough
Of this action, bartender, on the house
Give everybody in here somethin'
Man, I don't care, I got money to spare
You're cute and your music's thumpin'
Yo baby, get the check, yo baby
My behind, I need my money
Say Brother Carothers, can I get some credit?
No? Much money I done spent in this nasty joint?
You need tobe slapped, darlin', shall we leave now?
Go to Hades, boy, so you like my crib?
It's not mine, it's rented
Say, how much did you have to drink?
What's the biggest lake you've ever been in?
So, do you like environmental records?
Crickets chirpin', water rushin'
Supposed to make you horny
It just make me wanna go to the bathroom
Actually this one's not bad, check it out
So like, what's your name? Oh wow, that's dog
</song>