<song artist="Prince" title="The_Latest_Fashion">
Performed by The Time with Prince 
Fellas? Yeah! Hit Me! 
R we ready? I do believe we R ready! 
What time is it? Yount! It's killing time, Morris! 
I know that's right, 'cause I am the latest fashion 
(Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, 
yount, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, Go Morris, 
Go Morris, Go Morris) 
I know I said I loved U 
I know I said I needed U 
I know I said that I'd B here always 
but I what I didn't tell U is that 
this year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion 
this year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion 
people tell us what we want 2 hear 
(time) this time the tables R turned 
this time we're the ones that's painting fires 
instead of getting burned (yount) 
this year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion 
this year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion 
(Go Morris, go Morris, go Morris, go Morris, go Morris) 
Jellybean, (Go Morris) dont be so mean, (Go Morris) 
Cowboy. Heh heh, you're fired! 
Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam Jimmy Jam! 
people tell me what I want to hear 
this time the tables R turned 
Jerome, body language 
{Go Morris chanted 16 times over} 
now do the horse (yeah) 
Oak Tree! (look out) 
I like that, Oak Tree! 
Get ready, Chili sauce! 
this year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion 
fellas? (yeah) hit me, but dontcha lag 
tell me what dance to do...it starts with an M ... (Murph Drag) 
I aint thru yet...band! 
whaa...hallelujah...whoa whoa whoa whoa 
everybody wanna tell me how to play the game 
when I run it better than a madame runs dames 
trying to beat me like playing pool with a rope 
my funk will leave ya dead cause it's good and plenty dope 
all in all I'm still the king and all y'all the court 
if you thinking about ruling me ya better get abortions, yes! 
its jacked, cause I'm back, and I'm harder than a heart attack 
and I'm the cure for any disease cause there ain't nobody funky like me! 
(Go Morris go Morris go Morris) 
don't be a fool 
(Go Morris, go Morris, go Morris) 
this year the latest fashion is 2 lie in the heat of passion 
the latest fashion 
the latest fashion 
the latest fashion 
the latest fashion
</song>