<song artist="Prince" title="Joy_In_Repetition">
{crowd noise same as for "Alphabet Street"}
He like to frequent this club down up on 36th
Pimps and thangs like 2 hang outside and cuss for kicks
Talking 2 no one in particular, they say "the baddest I am tonight"
4 letter words are seldom heard with such dignity and bite.
All the poets and the part time singers always hang inside
live music from a band plays a song called "Soul Psychodelicide".
The song's a year long and had been playing 4 months when he
walked into the place.
No one seemed to care, an introverted this-is-it look on most of their faces.
Up on the mic repeating 2 words, over and over again
was this woman he had never noticed before he lost himself in the
articulated manner in which she said them.
These 2 words, a little bit behind the beat.
I mean just enough 2 turn u on.
4 everytime she said the words another one of his doubts were gone.
Should he try 2 rap with her? Should he stand and stare?
No one else was watching her, she didn't seem 2 care.
So over and over, she said the words til he could take no more, (no more)
he dragged her from the stage and together they ran through the back door
In the alley over by the curb he said tell me what's your name
she only said the words again and it started to rain (rain, rain, rain)
2 words falling between the drops and the moans of his condition
holding someone is truly believing there's joy in repetition.
There's joy in repetition.
There's joy in repetition.
There's joy in repetition.
There's joy in repetition.
She said love me, love me, what she say?
she say love me, love me.
Joy, why don't u love me baby, joy, why can't u love me baby
joy, come on and love me baby, joy in repetition
Alright, joy in repetition,
Alright, joy in repetition,
Alright, joy in repetition,
Alright, joy, all my wishes add up to one
Love me, joy, Love me, joy, Love me, joy
Love me, Love me, joy, joy, joy in repetition
joy, joy in repetition,
joy, joy (love me) in repetition,
Love me, love, joy, joy, joy in repetition
joy, and I'm gonna say it again, joy, joy, and I'm gonna say it again,
joy, I'd like 2 go way up high and say, Love me, joy
I'll say Love me, joy
Joy, joy in repetition, joy in repetition
There's joy in repetition
</song>