<song artist="Prince" title="The_Exodus_Has_Begun">
Have mercy, uh 
The exodus has begun (The exodus has begun!) 
Have mercy, uh 
The exodus has begun 
Now these are the names of the New Power Generation
(These are the names) 
The funkiest suckers of the new gold nation 
Polyvinyl acetate, New Power Soul
Guaranteed 2 stick 2 the roof of your Oldsmobile muthafucka 
CHORUS: 
Long live the New Power! 
Have mercy 
Generation after generation, the soul will never die 
(The exodus has begun) 
Long live the New Power! 
Have mercy 
We don't cry, we don't die, we just multiply 
Polyvinyl acetate, New Power Soul (Mercy) 
The exodus has begun 
These are the names of the children of the sun 
Pumpin' the love sign in the days of wild 
Tearin' shit up with a vengeance and still they smile (Still they smile) 
Though their lives were made bitter with hard labor and no pay 
These are the children that will come 2 save the day
(These are the children) 
The exodus has begun 
Have mercy 
CHORUS 
La da da da, da da daaa (U ain't gonna hurt me) 
Sho do do do do doo (Have mercy) 
La da da da, da da daaa (U ain't gonna hurt me) 
Have mercy 
(Behold) 
Behold the children of the New Power
Are more and mightier than U (Mighty, mighty) 
U that have scorned and held back the inevitable
Must now come 2 grips with the truth 
(All that is good in the eyes of heaven) 
All that is good in the eyes of heaven
Will rebuke your powder monkey ways 
(Have mercy, mercy, mercy) 
And let that same heaven have mercy
When the wrath of the sun knocks upon your gate 
Have mercy 
The exodus has begun 
(New... New Power!) 
Uh, brothers and sisters 
(Stop me if U want, it's between U and me) 
The exodus has begun 
Uh (New Power!) 
Just.. 
Just cause.. 
Just cause it's.. (Have mercy) 
Just cause it's nasty.. 
Just cause it's nasty it don't.. 
Just cause it's nasty it don't mean.. 
Just cause it's nasty it don't mean a.. {loop} 
Just cause it's nasty it don't mean a thing 
All that is good is nasty 
All that is good, all that is good (Have mercy) 
All that is good in heaven (The exodus has begun) 
All that is good, all that is good (Have mercy) 
All that is good in heaven (The exodus has begun) 
Long live the New Power! (Long live) 
Have mercy 
Generation after generation, the soul will never die 
The exodus has begun 
Long live the New Power! (Long live) 
Have mercy (Live a little while) 
We don't cry, we don't die, we just multiply 
Spatch cocks in black face offer us pennies (Offer us pennies) 
When it's millions and millions upon millions they reap 
(When it's millions, when it's millions) (Pluck his eye again!) 
How in the world can we call ourselves equal 
When their wages outweigh 
When their wages outweigh the time that they keep?
(Pluck his eye again!) 
And if they stood up and behaved like the humans they're supposed 2 
As opposed 2 the way they are not 
Then this New Power Soul would not be so soulful 
(Then this New Power Soul would not be soulful) 
And the water they're in would not be so hot 
(And the water would not be so hot) 
The exodus has begun (The exodus has begun!) 
Have mercy 
Uh (The exodus has begun!) 
The exodus has begun 
Now sing 
Long live the New Power! 
(Long live a New Power where all that is good in heaven) 
Brothers and sisters
Long live the New Power! 
(The exodus has begun!) (Have mercy!) 
(Long live a New Power where, where... mercy!) 
Come on 
(The exodus has begun!) Uh 
(Long live) Have mercy 
Play muthafuckas (The exodus has begun!) Uh 
(New Power) Have mercy 
(Long live the New Power!) Yes muthafuckas, yes 
The exodus has begun! 
(Generation after generation, the soul will never die) Have mercy 
(Long live the New Power!) Yes muthafuckas, yes 
The exodus has begun! 
(We don't cry, we don't die, we just multiply) Have mercy 
La da da da, da da daaa (Yes muthafucka, yes) 
Sho do do do do doo (Have mercy) Uh 
La da da da, da da daaa (Yes muthafucka, yes) 
(New Power) Have mercy 
Oh yeah, U can sing 
But what the fuck are U complainin' about baby? 
Oh yeah, I will read your big ass 
Cuz I think U're thinkin' about readin' me 
And when the people ask U everywhere 
Is that really all your hair? 
Tell'em U don't tell a lie 
Bald-headed son of a motherfuckin' housefly
And like George said (What?) 
Get satisfied 
Let's get satisfied, let's get satisfied 
(Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha...) 
La da da da, da da daaa 
Sho do do do do doo (New Power!) (Have mercy) 
La da da da, da da daaa 
(Long live the New Power!) Whoo, yeah, yeah 
(Stop me now)
Stop this muthafucker like we intend 2 finish, yeah
(New Power!) (Have mercy) 
Mercy 
(Long live the New Power!) A New Power 
(The exodus has begun!) (Have mercy) 
(Generation after generation, the soul will never die) Oh, yeah
(Long live the New Power!) 
Shit, y'all can't fuck with me (The exodus has begun!) 
(We don't cry, we don't die, we just multiply) 
La da da da, da da daaa (The exodus has begun!) Oh, oh 
(New Power!) (Have mercy) Oh 
La da da da, da da daaa (The exodus has begun!) Oh, oh 
{refrain repeats in BG}
(Wait a minute, let me check my messages)
Spatch cocks in black face offers us pennies 
When there's millions and millions that they reap 
Millions and millions that they reap 
What the fuck is that about? 
What the fuck is that about? 
What the fuck is that shit about? 
We don't play that muthafuckin' shit! 
U think we got a muthafuckin' joystick up our ass or somethin'? 
Fuck that! 
I don't know what U thinkin' about 
But the exodus has begun muthafuckas! 
(New Power!) 
The exodus has begun 
U ain't gonna hear that shit nowhere else 
Ha, ha, ha 
This shit is dedicated 2 the memory of His Royal Badness 
I know his name, that muthafuckin' Prince 
Rest in peace nigga!
</song>