<song artist="Prince" title="P._Contro">
Nuestra presentacion especial comenzara en breve
[Our special presentation will start shortly]
Pero antes un mensaje de nuestros auspiciadores
[But first a message from our sponsors]
Uh, yeah
Uh
Good mornin' ladies and gentlemen ("What hotel number is she in?")
Boys and motherfuckin' girls ("319, 319" "Cool")
This is your captain with no name speakin'
And I'm here to rock your world
With a tale that will soon be classic
About a woman you already know
No prostitute she, but the mayor of your brain
Pussy Control (Are you ready?)
Pussy Control, oh
Pussy Control, oh
Our story begins in a schoolyard
A little girl skipping rope with her friends
A tisket, a tasket, no lunch in her basket
Just school books for the fight she would be in
One day over this hoodie
She got beat for some clothes and her rep
With her chin up, she scolded "All y'all's molded
When I'm rich, on your neck I will step"
And step she did to the straight A's
Then college, the master degree
She hired the heifers that jumped her
And made everyone of them work for free?
No! Why?
So what if my sisters are triflin'?
They just don't know
She said "Mama didn't tell'em what she told me
Girl, you need Pussy Control" (Are you ready?)
Pussy Control, oh
Pussy Control, oh
Pussy got bank in her pockets
Before she got dick in her drawers
If brother didn't have good and plenty of his own
In love Pussy never did fall
And this fool named Trick wanna stick her
Uh, talkin' more Schick than a Bic
'Bout how he gonna make Pussy a star
If she come and sing a lick on his hit
Pussy said "Nigga, you crazy if you don't know
Every woman in the world ain't a freak
You can go platinum four times
Still couldn't make what I make in a week
So push up on somebody wanna hear that
Cause this somebody here don't wanna know
Boy, you better act like you understand
When you roll with Pussy Control" (Are you ready?)
Aaah, Pussy Control, oh
Aaah, Pussy Control, oh
(Are you ready for the best Pussy you ever felt?) [Repeat: x2]
With one more verse to the story
I need another piece of your ear
I wanna hip you all to the reason
I'm known as the player of the year
Cause I met this girl named Pussy
At the Club International Balls
She was rollin' four-deep
3 sisters and a weepy-eyed white girl drivin' her haul
I pulled up right beside her
And my electric top went down
I said "Motherfucker, I know your reputation
And I'm astounded that you're here
I fear you're lonely and you want to know
A twelve o'clock straight up nigga
That don't give a shit that you're Pussy Control
Well I'm that nigga, at least I wanna be
But it's gonna be hard as hell
To keep my mind off a body
That would make every rich man
Want to sell, sell, sell (seventy five, we need another, eighty five, eighty five here, sold!)
Can I tell you what I'm thinkin' that you already know?
You need a motherfucker that respects your name"
Now say it, Pussy Control (Are you ready?)
Pussy Control, oh
Pussy Control, oh
And the moral of this motherfucker is
Ladies, make'em act like they know
You are, was, and always will be Pussy Control (Are you ready?)
Peace and be wild (Aaah, Pussy Control)
Say what, huh? (Oh)
Oh no, don't you think about callin' her a ho (Are you ready?)
You juvenile delinquent
Best sit your ass down
Talkin' about Pussy Control
Huh, can you dig it?
Pussy Control (Are you ready?)
Oh (Are you ready?)
Pussy Control (Are you ready?)
Oh (Are you ready?)
</song>