<song artist="Bee_Gees" title="Bodyguard">
It hurts me when you cry
When you feel the love is gone.
Don't give up on us when you got so much to believe in.
And so I beg you please stay yeah.
Danger in the night, 
a flame that never dies
in a world of lonely faces
you need someone to survive,
a love like yours should never live alone.
Let me be your bodyguard, I can be useful to you
we can just get excited, stop before we go too far.
Let me be your bodyguard, Living in my protection
we can just get ignited, lost inside
it's only you and me.
There's things you shouldn't do
You lose your self-control
Should the eyes of a perfect stranger
Take you down to a new sensation
Just turn back to me
Don't wait till it's gone
Don't go where you don't belong
In a world of pain and sorrow
Every wish is your command
A heart like yours
Should always find a home.
I know the signs and I'm telling you.
You're living on borrowed time,
but a heart needs love like a flower needs rain,
like I'm making you mine.
Let me be your bodyguard, I can be useful to you
we can just get excited, stop before we go too far.
Let me be your bodyguard, Living in my protection
we can just get ignited, 
what we had never known all our lives,
I pray it's not too late,
I would die by your side my love
I'm the life that you save.
In this world of pain and sorrow
every wish is your command,
a heart like yours should never live alone.
I used to dream of a special one
and now I feel it's coming true,
but I couldn't let go, I'm a jealous guy
what you're putting me through, I'm begging you.
Let me be your bodyguard, I can be useful to you
we can just get excited, stop before we go too far.
Let me be your bodyguard, Living in my protection
we can just get ignited, stop before we go too far.
Oh..
Stop before we go too far, my love, my life.
Stop before we go too far
Let me be your bodyguard, I can be useful to you
we can just get excited, stop before we go too far.
Let me be your bodyguard, Living in my protection)
we can just get ignited, stop before we go too far
Let me be your bodyguard, I can be useful to you
we can just get excited, stop before we go too far.
</song>