<song artist="John_Mayer" title="Gas_Station">
"Welcome to the real world,"
She said to me, condescendingly.
"Take a seat, take your life ...
Plot it out in black and white"
Well, I never lived the dreams of the prom kings
And the drama queens.
I'd like to think the best of me
Is still hiding up my sleeve.
They love to tell you "stay inside the lines",
But something's better on the other side
I wanna run through the halls of my high school,
I wanna scream at the top of my lungs.
I just found out there's no such thing as the real world
Just a lie you've got to rise above.
So the good boys and girls take the so-called right track,
Faded white hats grabbing credits and maybe transfers.
They listen to Phish but they can't find the answers.
And all of our parents, they're getting older --
I wonder if they've wished for anything better,
While in their memories, tiny tragedies.
They love to tell you "stay inside the lines",
But something's better on the other side
I wanna run through the halls of my high school,
I wanna scream at the top of my lungs.
I just found out there's no such thing as the real world
Just a lie you've got to rise above.
I am invincible
You are invincible
We are invincible
As long as we're alive
We're alive...alive
See this shirt I'm wearin'?
Used to wear it all the time.
Workin' at a gas station,
Dreamin' about the sensation, of playin' for you, playin' for me.
Yeah, I gave the wrong change all the time --
Always ate the ho-ho's without payin a dime.
What they don't tell you is, you'll get a spare tire in time.
But I digress.
See I'm wearing that same shirt I wore back then.
And now I'm on stage playing for all yall.
What does that say to you?
Maybe one day I'll go back.
Maybe one day
It'll be some special promotional thing
When you fill up with at least eight gallons.
You get a special John Mayer CD sampler,
With a version of this song on it.
Don't apply theory to things
That inherently don't need theory at all.
Don't...
I wanna run through the halls of my high school
I wanna scream at the top of my lungs
I just found out there's no such thing as the real world
just a lie you've got to rise above
I just can't wait till my ten year reunion
I'm gonna bust down the double doors
and when I stand on these tables before you
you will know what all this time was for
ha-ha Thank you very much
</song>