<song artist="Faith_No_More" title="The_Crab_Song">
Oh, really?
Don't come back
Stay out!
Dear Esther...
OKay, come back.
I didn't mean it.
I said I was only kidding.
Come back
I didn't mean it
And after all the feelings go, I see I still love you so
I just thought I'd let you know now that everything's okay
And you are on your way back, back from where you came
She said with pain in her heart, it was there from the start
Now I know why everything turns grey, but it's our own world we paint
And I want the brightest, I want florescence every day and night
For the rest of my life, open your eyes, won't you?
Can't you see you're so beautiful to me?
Don't look back, as a matter of fact
There's a ten foot Jack wants to break your back
You stole his girl, you wrecked his world
Now it's your your head that he's gonna twirl
He won't think once, he won't think twice
'Cause he knows just what he's gonna do tonight
He will commit a crime, a crime of love
And he won't be happy till he sees your blood
Looking back on when you left me
Standing in the rain
Don't look back, as a matter of fact
There's a son of a bitch and he's digging a ditch
For you my friend, my lucky one
So grab your things, it's time to run
To the other side where love takes pride
And your soul's the only thing that stays alive
Ma maooba goo goo ga ga
Hey! Quit talkin that terminal jive!
Looking back on when I left you
Crying in pain
Don't look back, as a matter of fact
There's a ten foot Jack wants to break your back
You stole his girl, you wrecked his world
Now it's your your head that he's gonna twirl
He won't think once, he won't think twice
'Cause he knows just what he's gonna do tonight
He will commit a crime, a crime of love
And he won't be happy till he sees your blood
Looking back on when you left me
Standing in the rain, incredible pain
I understand
You have to be your own person and that's okay with me
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what?
Hurts, hurts, hurts like a like a motherfucker
Love, it hurts, it kills, like a sonofabitch
That feeling, it gets me, way down there, inside me, deep down there
No further, keep going, oh man, that's right out my system
</song>