<song artist="Faith_No_More" title="Anne's_Song">
Hey
What? What? What? What? What? What? Huh?
Oh, nothing
Just wondering why it is you're doing
What? What is you're doing
That whatever it is you're doing
Oh yeah, why? Why?
I dunno
It just doesn't seem like something you'd be doing, I mean
You of all people, ha. Know what I mean?
Yeah, I know it's been bugging you since the day I was born, huh?
I asked my friend Anne about it
I said, "Anne, Anne, Anne, what am I supposed to do, huh?
It's been bugging them since the day that I was born."
She said, "Do whatever the hell you want to do!
Now is the time when you can do anything.
Everything you do, anything, it will still turn out great.
You've got the world at your feet."
I never claimed to be different
I only said I was bored
And she's tired of your uniqueness
It sends her over head first
Then the rest of her follows
The breath of life, it never left her hollow
"And I can do everything," she says. She says with a smile.
And I can go anywhere tonight, 'cause I'm with Anne
Anne, Anne, Who? Anne Dagnabit
Island princess girl with the juice
What's this? I see she brought her whole uplown contingent
First there's Johnny
He always loves a party
He's followed by Vinnie
Who's feelin' kinda skinny
He says, "Hey Anne I'm starved what you got to eat?"
She says, "Vinnie, you're always starving.
Man get away from that fridge."
Now, here comes Lucy
She's feelin' really sexy
She's followed by her boyfriend
Who'd better not turn around this time or he's bound to lose her
And followed by Jamilla, who's got the cream soda
And I can do everything, I won't tell you again
And we can go anywhere tonight, 'cause we're with Anne
Anne
And we can do anything we want, we'll tell you again
We can can go anywhere tonight, 'cause we're with Anne Anne Anne
Who? Anne Dagnabit
Island princess girl with the juice
Girl with the hots, hots for Ricky
Whoop we're having fun, hey
Whoop we're having fun, hey
Hey hey Hey you guys!?  What!?
Additude Additude...
Hey!
</song>