<song artist="K._Michelle" title="Build_A_Man_Intro_-_Build_A_Man">
There was Lance, he wasn't ready;
Oh-so young, baggage heavy,
And there was Chris, laid in Tennessee,
But he fucked up and had twins on me...
Oh, a little piece, piece of each, that's all I need;
Little piece, piece of each, build him perfect for me...
There was Kellz, he adored me;
Loved to hear me sing, but control me...
There was this actor, had a baby;
Not the same dude you see in the movie...
Is it love, was he acting? 
But I miss him - how did this happen?
So many men gave me a song to sing,
But none of them gave me a ring...
A little piece, piece of each, that's all I need;
If only I could build me a man...

Why didn't mother tell me (tell me) they would take the best of me,
Leave the rest of me in pieces?
Why didn't daddy tell me (tell me) that they're only selling dreams;
What they do is what they mean?
Oh, if I could give him a heart that only beats for me; (Just for me...)
Oh, give him a set of eyes that only look at me...
If only I could build me a man, he'd be everything, oh;
If only I could build me a man - I'd make him perfect for me...
'Cause all the ones I know, they all disappoint and do whatever they want;
If only I could build me a man, I'd make him perfect for me...
I wish it was as simple as a Build-a-Bear assembly;
I'd have the necessary parts - he'd be customer-friendly,
And smoke a little weed - corporate, but still a little street...
Oh, if I could give him a heart that only beats for me; (Just for me...)
Oh, give him a set of eyes that only look at me...
If only I could build me a man, he'd be everything, oh;
If only I could build me a man, I'd make him perfect for me...
'Cause all the ones I know, they all disappoint and do whatever they want;
If only I could build me a man, I'd make him perfect for me...
I build them up just to let me down;
I give 'em some shoes so they can just walk out...
Upgrade who they were so they can be with her,
And I'm here broken-hearted...
If only I could build me a man, he'd be everything, oh;
If only I could build me a man, I'd make him perfect for me...
'Cause all the ones I know, they all disappoint and do whatever they want;
If only I could build me a man, I'd make him perfect for me...
Da, da, da, da, da...
If only I could build him, build him... oh...
'Cause all the ones I know, they all disappoint...
Build me a man...
I'll make him perfect for me...
</song>