<song artist="50_Cent" title="Give_It_To_Me_Remix">
50 Cent: GgGgGgGgGgGgGgggggggggggggg------ G-UniT!!
Aww man im feelin myself right now...
Baby if you get on ur knees
put me in ur mouth 
and suck me off
you know i got you (3x)
(50 cent)
She was hesitant at first, said she never did it before
soon as i got her goin she was goin like a pro
she went up and down like a merry go round 
and round and round and SPLASH!
shes freaky freaky when u get her in the bed
you need G like me to get her to give u head
My conversation is stimulatin, she in room 10-19 in the hilton waitin
She got a thing for ballers, i mean a thing for balls
and i done turned her ass out so im the one she calls
on the cheek she kiss me and she tell me she miss me
Being round me got her used to drinking Don and Cristi
Im a special nigga, look im used to grindin
Keep that Benz-o clean and them spreewells shinin
Baby if you get on ur knees
put me in ur mouth 
and suck me off
you know i got you (3x)
(Lloyd Bank$)
You cant be serious, its 4 in da mornin
watchu mean a hotel? the fuck you think everybody else at?
Bright in the morning, i roll over guess whats on my shoulder
a pretty brown round round, who-kid stompin is goin downtown
but at night with no lights, ill have you wondering if thas a lightening bug in your mouth
or a glow in the dark tongue ring
Banks need a ghetto chick, set a nigga up with ass 
stick around till he fall asleep, then get in his stash
leave her with everything, rubberband stacks in the grass
ass so fat, she get hand claps when she pass
I aint neva had a girl, but you can be my bottom bitch
i done been around the world, we done hit all kinds of chicks
Range Rover, never sober
Hennessy but never soda
B-A-N-K dolla sign BITCH!
na i aint here to hold ya, let your baby daddy hold his shoulda
Banks dont associate with no TRICKS!
Ima make it a G-Unit party from the hotel lobby 
If u aint tryin to freak off then go home BITCH!
Baby if you get on ur knees
put me in ur mouth 
and suck me off
you know i got you (3x)
HaHa...
(Young Buck)
You know what i came to do, Bet you put ur lips on my dick
but dont tell nobody you my mistress bitch
All your friends keep tellin ya what to do when ya get me
gotta eat the nut first like a hershey kisses 
Bitch show me u miss me, like im Pac or Biggie
She could be small like Eve, or even big as Missy
I like it when them whites indulge in group sex 
suck off Banks and 50 and be like "you next"
Get your ass too flex, tellin me to go down 
Im a P.I.M.P, Bitch i bet you know now
Baby girl slow down, you make a nigga cum quick
when you close your eyes and make ur tongue do a twist
You my 3 o'clock lollipop, catch the last drop bitch
walk around naked hoe, i met your ass topless
She finally found out what Young Buck is bout
Now give a nigga from the south some of that mouth
Baby if you get on ur knees
put me in ur mouth 
and suck me off
you know i got you (3x)
Haha...
c'mon girl
you know i got u
</song>