<song artist="50_Cent" title="In_Da_Club_(Radio_Edit)">
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go Shawty,
Ish ya birfday,
We gonna party like ish ya birfday, 
We gonna sip Bacardi like ish ya birfday,
And you know we don't give a f*ck cuz' it's ya birfday!
*Chorus X2*
You can find me in da club, Bottle fulla bub,
Mumma I got what ya need if you need to feel the buzz.
I'm into havin' sex, I ain't into makin love,
So come give me a hug, if ya into gettin rubbed.
When I pull out up front, you see the Benz I'm doing,
When I roll 20 deep, so it's drama, it da club.
And now roll with Dre,  everybody show me love, 
When you sell like Eminem, you get plenty of groupie love.
But homie ain't nothing change, hoe's down, G's up,
I see Xzibit in the cut hey man roll them trees up.
If you watch how I move you'll mistake me for a playa or pimp,
Been hit wit a few shells but I dont walk wit a limp.
In the hood, in L.A. they saying "50 you hot,"
They like me, I want them to love me like they love 'Pac.
But holla in New York them fo' show tell ya I'm loco,
And the plan is to put the rap game in a choke hold.
I'm fully focused man, my money on my mind,
I got a mill out the deals and I'm still on the grind.
Now shawty said she feeling my style, she feeling my flow,
Her girlfriend willin' to get Bi and they ready to go.  (Okay)
*Chorus X2*
(Bridge) 
My flow, my show brought me the dough,
That bought me all my fancy things.
My crib, my cars, my pools, my jewels,
Look homie I done came up and I ain't changed.
And you should love it, way more then you hate it,
Oh, you mad? I thought that you'd be happy I made it. 
I'm that cat by the bar toasting to the good life,
Moved out da hood, faggot trying to pull me back right? 
When my joint get to pumpin in the club it's on,
I wink my eye at ya chick, if she smiles she gone.
If the roof on fire, man, just let it burn,
If you talking bout money homie, I ain't concerned.
I'm a tell you what Banks told me cause go 'head switch the style up, 
If they hate, let em' hate,
Watch the money pile up.
Or we go upside they wit a bottle of bub,
C'mon, they know where we be.
*Chorus X2*
Hahaha,don't act like you don't know where we been, neither.
we in the club all the time, its about to pop off.
Shady Aftermath.
Haha.
</song>