<song artist="Outkast" title="13th_Floor-Growing_Old">
Big Rube (Spoken):
Conceive true deception, and multiply it a million fold.
Visualize the yin and yang in a battle so intense, that we get 'em confused.
The resident evil specialize in misconstruin'.
We wanna be at a presidential level, what are we doin'?
Foolin' ourself, clownin' ourself, playin ourself, but not bein' ourself.
We can't babble no more than we can bob our head offbeat.
Nimrod by the time we forty cause we can't get our meat.
While we ask no reason for the misplacement of the season.
Look at the picture that's painted.
Tainted as the mind who's blinded to the point where Sodomites get all the rights.
We fall for fights with fisticuffs, get pissed enough to miss the bus.
It disgusts me to see my folks run up on.
I say stand up on the section of time marked Revelations.
And recognize this mind numbin' reality of horror, known as mankind.
Jesus and his twelve disciples make thirteen, a righteous number of righteous men.
Even Judas the Betrayer came true in the end.
The Devil say the end is the beginnin'.
They teach that we were the product of incest.
Invest no level of self into their system of Paganomics.
Stand with us and don't look back upon.
Just face this mind state, otherwise Babylon.
Debra Killings:
My memories of yesterday
Cut and scratched:
Ninety-six gonna be that year (Yeah, Yeah)
Ninety-six gonna be that year (Yeah)
Ninety-six gonna be that year (Y-y-y-yeah)
Ninety-six gonna be that year (Yeah)
Andre:
I bet you never heard of a playa with no game
Told the truth to get what I want, but shot it with no shame
Take this music dead serious while others entertain
I see they makin' they paper so I guess I can't complain, or can I
I feel they disrespectin' their whole thang
Them hooks like sellin' dope to black folks, and I choke when the food they serve ain't tastin' right
My stomach can't digest it even when I bless it
I'm confessin' one mo' lesson from the south we in the house tonight
Now who-ty who wants to oppose, suppose
We rolls through Headland and Delowe
Where me and my niggaz surpassed the flow
And got down for ours like hind catchers
My mind catches flashbacks to the black past
While my close niggaz laugh at
The Southern slang, finger waves and mojo chicken wangs
I grew up on booty shake we did not know no better thang
So go 'head and, diss it
While real hop-hippers listen
Started by Afrikan Bambaataa, so you and your partner
Gather your thoughts (Ninety-six gonna be that year)
Debra Killings:
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turns my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn (Ninety-six gonna be that year), done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday
Big Boi:
Uhh, born Antwan Patton but my partners they call me Big Boi
It's the nigga the B-I-G, be speakin' the truth not talkin' that shit boi
I'm thinkin' of checkin' my traps and bustin my raps and throwin' them craps
Seven-eleven is no convenience, you pumpin' your gas, they're watchin yo' back
For the robbin' crew, thinkin' they robbin' you, you must be cautious
To stand up on yo' game and pimpin' these crows you must be flawless
Like Mortal Kombat, but fuckin' these wombats got you dizzy
My nigga you know of I wanna be playin' but runnin' up on me like you miss me
You catchin' the wrong vibe, packin' yo shit and rollin' yo eyes back
Flexin' up on the corner tossin' your dice and rollin' your Cadillac
But man it seems I'm reachin' out and touchin' the wrong nigga
Don't expect it to be pimpin' get your index off the trigger
As we bust, us
Be leavin' 'em in the dust
So keep that 'cain up out of your nose I said my piece and then I hush
As the candidate keeps flippin', niggaz dippin' (Ninety-six gonna be that year)
Debra Killings
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turns my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way (Ninety-six gonna be that year)
Like memories of yesterday
Andre
My dearly beloved we are gathered to life, like soap is the lather we come clean
Some issues need to be addressed like envelopes I mean
Oh like Liberty Bells yes them bullets keep on rangin'
On fire like the Georgia mass choir we keep on sangin'
Bringin' our folks closer together 'cause they severed us from the get green
Light and we ain't gon' stop until we hit the big screen
Psych because no one is free when others are oppressed
So, we hit the stage and then we fly back to our nest, growin' old
Big Boi
Like some eagles, people don't understand just like their parents don't be carin'
I'm speakin' about you playin' with that phony stuff you sharin'
In your raps Mercedes Benz and all your riches
Thinkin' you got it, but get it get it, but you ain't pimpin' no bitches
'Cause you flaw, in, fallin' like leaves into driveways
Isn't it lovely smokin' good and sloppy head on highways
Friday's are tight but Saturday just makes it old
Winter nights are hot warm enough to feed your soul, growin' old
Debra Killings
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness turns my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday (Ninety-six gonna be that year)
Debra Killings
Something's gotta change
Sounds of laughter and happiness (Ninety-six gonna be that year), turns my teardrops to rain
Been bearing this burden (Ninety-six gonna be that year), for too many of my days
Looks like breezes of Autumn done finally blew my way
Like memories of yesterday
Andre
(Fading In) See all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow brown
Autumn caught 'em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow brown
Autumn caught 'em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
Fat titties turn to teardrops as fat ass turns to flab
Sores that was open wounds eventually turn to scab
Trees bright and green turn yellow brown
Autumn caught 'em, see all them leaves must fall down, growin' old
</song>