<song artist="Justin_Timberlake" title="The_Rainbow_Connection_(Snl_With_Kermit)">
J-"You know its been a dream come true to host SNL tonight, 
I've been a fan since I was a kid.
Growing up the two shows I never missed were Saturday Night Live...and the Muppet Show."
"So if you don't mind, there's another dream I've always had,
and that's to sing with Kermit the Frog."
J- "Hello Kermit."
K- "Justin, I'd be honored to sing with you."
J-"Well I just figured, when's the next time I'm gonna have the chance right?"
K- "Well uh what shall we sing?"
J- "I've already got it picked out."
K- "Aww this is a nice one!"
J- Why are there so many songs about rainbows and whats on the other side
K- Rainbows are visons but only illusions
And rainbows have nothing to hide
J- So we've been told and some choose to believe
K- I know they're wrong wait and see
J &amp; K- Someday well find it, the rainbow connection the  lovers, the dreamers and me
K-"You're a very good singer Justin"
J- "You're not so bad yourself Kermit."
K-"Maybe you me and P. Diddy should cut an album!"
(laughs)
J- Who said that every wish would be heard and answered when wished on the morning star
K-"OW!"
J- "Sorry"
K- "Careful Justin you uh stepped on my buddy's leg down there."
K- Somebody thought of that and someone believed it and look what its done so far.
K- "OWW!"
J- "Sorry!!"
K- "I've been telling you all week!"
J- Whats so amazing that keeps us star gazing
K- And what do we think we might see
K- "Seriously! Back off!!"
J- "Oh MY bad! Is this any better!?"
(punching sounds)
K- "Ow!" Ow!" Ow!"  "ahhhh!"
(more punching)
J- "Yeah you like that don't you?!?"
K- "Hey guys! Guys! Stop fighting! This song is about togetherness!"
J- "He's right"
K- "Bill, can you say to Justin you're sorry  for shoving him?"
Bill- "I'm sorry Justin"
K- "And Justin can you say you're sorry to Bill for being a dushebag?"
J- "I am NOT a douche...
K- Someday we'll find it (J joins in) the rainbow connection
the lovers the douchebags (J drops outs) and me
(punching sounds)
</song>