<song artist="The_Cure" title="Faith_(Live_In_Rome_1989)">
Speech before the song:
"its like theres two different ways at looking at things, you can either think it doesnt make any fucking difference at all anyway, so that your like stuck in the same place and it wouldnt make any difference if you were to die now with a coin stuck right in the middle of your head or if you were prepared to go and say I need to sing a song called faith, but someone says you cant, someone says you cant sing it, so what do you do? This is for everyone that died today in china, its called faith"
Catch me if I fall 
I'm losing hold 
I can't just carry on this way 
And every time I turn away 
Lose another blind game 
The idea of perfection holds me... 
Suddenly I see you change 
Everything at once the same 
But the mountain never moves... 
Rape me like a child 
Christened in blood 
Painted like an unknown saint 
There's nothing left but hope... 
Your voice is dead 
And old 
And always empty 
Trust in me through closing years 
Perfect moments wait... 
If only we could stay 
Please say the right words 
Or cry like the stone white clown 
And stand lost forever in a happy crowd... 
No-one lifts their hands 
No-one lifts their eyes 
Justified with empty words 
The party just gets better and better... 
I went away alone 
With nothing left 
But faith
If i would doubt this, it makes me think, if i would doubt this
Someone walks up to you and theyre so much bigger than you, they say "shut your fucking face", you can grab hold of their eyes and go *mumbles*
Fall down in front of you x2
But its so much different if a man walks up and is this high and he says "Shut your fucking face" and holds a gun to my mouth, what will i do? What will i do? What would you do? 
He wont let me speak, he says "you can only say the word yes, if i ask you a question and you say no, i will shoot the back out of your fucking head!" He says "Do you love me??!?! Do you love me!?!?!"
Ill say, ill say, ill say
Is this more? This far away he says "I'm fucking waiting for you answer, answer me now! Do you love me? Do you love me?"
*screams* ooooooooowwwwwwwwww
I SAY NO! OF COURSE I FUCKING DONT LOVE YOU! COURSE I FUCKING DONT LOVE YOU! WALK INTO THE ROOM, PUSH ANYTHING IN MY FACE, ANYTHING IN MY MOUTH! ILL NEVER FUCKING LOVE YOU! 
Push this deep inside your head x2
This means nothing! Means nothing!
Theres nothing left but faith, nothing left but faith, nothing left but faith.
Speaking after the song finishes:
"Thank you very much and good night and dont forget!"
</song>