<song artist="Jhené_Aiko" title="Comfort_Inn_Ending_(Freestyle)">
(PART I)
One, two, one two…
Thought I told you not to trust these hoes
Say they love you, when you know they don't
Say they will, but shit, you know they won't
Yeah, you hear me, you don't feel me, though
And you are not the only one…
You are not the only one…
You are not the only one…
You are not the only one…
Okay, fuck it
It was Dominik, David, Braden
All of them did the same to you
Marquis and Sean and Brian
All of them had they way with you
Ever so often you get lost and miss out on everything
Shout-out to Krissy
That's my bitch 'cause she tells me everything
And I was not the only one
I was not the only one to you…
So I was the only lonely one…
Really, we had the perfect end…
That night we shared at the Comfort Inn…
We made love like the world would have ended…
If either of us had admitted..
We were in love…
So I was the only one…
And I should've never took you on a boat for your birthday
And I should've never fucked you on a boat on your birthday
And I never would've came into your house in the first place
If I would've known that you would hurt me like in the worst way
'Cause that night turned into every weekend and
Every weekend turned to every evening
You took me out and left me in the deep end then
Quis found out and then I had to leave him
'Cus I couldn't be the one to hurt him
Plus I thought you were the one so it was worth it
But really we should've just ended it
That day I was at your crib when...
Your baby mama just burst in,damn
I was weak then and you knew it
I was so weak then and you proved it
(PART II)
'Cus my brother was dying
And you gave me a shoulder to cry on
It was nothing, it's nothing, it's nothing, it's nothing
If it's nothing, it's nothing, it's nothing, it's nothing, it's nothing
Then why'd you...
Then why'd you call it love?
Oh oh
And I was not only one who was hurting
And you were not the only one with the burdens
But if we're nothing, we're nothing, we're nothing, we're nothing, we're nothing, we're nothing
Why would you call this love when you knew that it wasn't?
Why would you call it love when you knew that it wasn't?
If this was not love then please tell me what was it
If this was not love then please tell me what was it
'Cause when I met you at my favorite store
And I saw you working at the door ....
</song>