<song artist="Ne-Yo" title="Should_Be_You">
Don't you hate a coulda woulda shoulda? (oh oh no, oh oh no)
Coulda did what it did why ya shoulda shoulda? (oh oh no, oh oh no)
If I had a dollar for every should be, know how reach I would be
Like they say it is what it is, not what it could be,
Can't cry feel guilt over spilled milk,
I'm too fly, I'm too cool, word to Versace silk,
And my watch be filled with mad diamonds
I got good watches just bad timing
The chick I met at the club was cute,
Still feel like I'm getting brain from the substitute,
'Cause this ain't you and that ain't me,
Claim you happy then why you're so mad at me?
Can't hold on to what you had just what you got,
You should be here, but you're not.
I'm doing it again
What I told myself I would not do, oh
It's 4.15 am I shouldn't have drinkin, reminiscing on you, oh
And how I used to let you smoke even though I don't
You get blowed then we both get low
As I lay here with some girl I don't' know
In the back of my mind one million time
I tell myself...
It should be you, should be you
Should be you and me right now
Said it should be you (should be you), should be you (should be you)
Should be you and me right now oh oh
As I watch her sleep, all that I can think
She's beautiful (beautiful but she's not you) but she's not you
Love er just a night, then out of my life (out of my life)
Damn why can't I do this right?
When you told me you wanted to leave (wanted to leave)
I pretended it didn't hurt me (didn't hurt me)
But ever late here I can hardly breathe,
Laying next to she when in reality, it should be
It should be you, should be you
Should be you and me right now
Said it should be you (should be you), should be you (should be you)
Should be you and me right now oh oh
Uhh uhh should be you, should be you baby ahh
Check this out
My life: lights camera fame and action,
Feeling dreams from all this proper planes I'm catchin
Willing to trade all the flashy chains I'm flashin for a night
Back up for us, exchangin pain and passion,
Romances, kinda like the Phantom doors you used to ride
Cause it's tryin to open up, it's like suicide
God teaches lessons every day,
You was all I needed like meth and Mary J
The sun don't shine forever
Any time that we fall that just means we just climb together
Guess we avoided what we could've went through
That don't change the fact that it should've been you.
Girl it should be you
It should be you, should be you
Should be you and me right now
(Should be you and me, girl)
Said it should be you (should be you), should be you (should be you)
Should be you and me right now oh oh
Said it should be you... it should be you... you... woah
I said it should be you... it should be you... oh oh oh
</song>