<song artist="Ne-Yo" title="Cracks_In_Mr._Perfect">
After this song, you gon' love me for my honesty
Or you gon' hate me for being me
One of the two is gon' happen
But all that I can be is what I am and who I am
Chasing women when I should be recording
Invite a couple then I invite some more in
Next thing you know it's three in the morning and I've only done one song
20k on champagne in the club, then 20k more just because
That's 40k in three hours but everybody watching my section
So it's alright, I know it may sound silly to you
Truthfully it silly to me too, but that's what makes this song so true
(Here's the truth)
I'm a little irresponsible most of the time
I'm a man of my word but only when I ain't lying
I say I'm not a hater but I hate to see you shine
Especially if your shine is outshining mine
I wanna be faithful but I keep running into dimes
And they make it so easy so it's hard to do right
The image I portray you making people judge a book
But if they really took the time to look
Then they would see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
They would see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
So they would see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
Ooh they would see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
I ain't got a condom here, oh no
And too lazy to run to the store
But you just met her three hours ago, says the angel on my shoulder
But the devil he can talk real loud
And my on decision I'm not proud
But by the grace of God I'm here right now healthy and getting older
So it's alright, I know it may sound reckless to you
Truthfully it's reckless to me too, but that's what makes this song so true
(Here's the truth)
I'm a little irresponsible most of the time
I'm a man of my word but only when I ain't lying
I say I'm not a hater but I hate to see you shine
Especially if your shine is outshining mine
I wanna be faithful but I keep running into dimes
And they make it so easy so it's hard to do right
The image I portray you making people judge a book
But if they really took the time to look
Then they would see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
They would see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
I do a lot of stupid shit
Hoping I never have to pay for it
It's like I've become more of an idiot
With every extra million I get
I thank God for my family and my crew cause I can be a lot to put up with
Much love to the people that don't mind the cracks in Mr. Perfect
(Now let it marinate)
They could see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
Ooh you can see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
You could see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
Said you could see the cracks in Mr. Perfect
And in the end they all learned a valuable lesson
Perfection, it's just glorified opinion
When in the grand scheme of things
It's our imperfections that truly make us perfect
So do yourself a favor, find the beauty in your cracks
Enjoy the album
</song>