<song artist="Ne-Yo" title="Nightlife">
Verse 1: Candle lights and moon music. Oh champagne, the sweeter when I put you to it. Hmm, I take her by her hand and hold her tight. But she don't want romance, its Friday night.
Chorus: She wants the strobe lights, bright fashion, high life, high fashion, v.i.p. section. Celebrities, flexin'. Dacefloor, full crowd. And music up loud and bumpin', whole place is jumpin' while waitin' somethin'. Its what she wants, what she loves. Hmm, up in the club until the sun comes up.
Verse 2: Ohhh, all I want is us. To spend one night. (One night.) Outside of this club. But she just can't. (She just can't.) The nightlife calls her name. And she must go. (She must go.) Her pleasure is my pain. (Oh) 
Chorus: She wants the strobe lights, bright fashion, high life, high fashion, v.i.p. section. Celebrities, flexin'. Dacefloor, full crowd. And music up loud and bumpin', whole place is jumpin' while waitin' somethin'. Its what she wants, what she loves. Hmm, up in the club until the sun comes up. (Sun comes up.) 
Bridge: She wants the night time, all that I have is love. But that just won't do. (Just won't do.) She wants the night time, live in the spotlight. Dying my dreams of you. (Dying my dreams of you.) She wants the night time, live in the spotlight. Dying my dreams of you. Oh, said I wish it could be just us two, but that just won't do. (Oh)
Chorus: She wants the strobe lights, bright fashion, high life, high fashion,(Hey, hey.) v.i.p. section. Celebrities, (Whoa, whoa oh.) flexin'. Dacefloor, full crowd. And music up loud and bumpin', whole place is jumpin' while waitin' somethin' (Somthin') Its what she wants, what she loves. (Said its what she loves ohhh.) Up in the club (Ay.) until the sun comes up. Till the sun comes up.  
Final Chorus: She wants the strobe lights, bright fashion, high life, high fashion, v.i.p. section. Celebrities, flexin'. Dacefloor, full crowd. And music up loud and bumpin', whole place is (Hey.) jumpin' while waitin' somethin'. (Hey!) Its what she wants, what she loves. (Said its what she loves.) Hmm, up (Oh.) in the club until the sun comes up. Until the sun comes up.
</song>